 How did they get it so wrong? How could they remake the beloved 1990s action classic Point Break with such ineptitude and so little affection?
 It fully deserves to be played on a loop, silently, in extreme-sports goods shops everywhere.
 Whereas the original was filled with humour and gung-ho machismo, this Fast and Furious-style update is a joyless experience.
 We have no emotional connection with these characters, nor do we care whether they survive or not.
 Steer well clear of this flatly disappointing remake, as it seems hell-bent on stripping out everything that made the original movie so much fun.
 Pointless. Heartbreaking.
 It's so unbelievably self-important, with occasionally genuine and hazardous stunt work badly compromised by the annoying ponderousness of it all, meaning that we wind up simply not caring who's risking their lives or who wants to get into whose pants.
 [An] adrenaline-fuelled but empty rehash that flies close enough to Bigelow's movie to remind you how much you'd much rather be watching the original.
 Director Ericson Core has ditched the fun of the Patrick Swayze/Keanu Reeves original and replaced it with soulless action scenes.
 The stunts are impressive. The rest is a wash out.
 This is a high-grade action thriller that -- dare I suggest it? -- redeems the Point Break brand. And, yes, there's definitely room for a sequel.
 Point Break? More like Point Miss.
 Bracey's emotionally scarred Johnny Utah is so wooden he makes Keanu look like Kenneth Branagh.
 We're left scratching our head, wondering what it was all for. 
 Core revels in the beauty of nature and the danger of taming it, but showing such is meaningless if the plot is so weak it barely strings the destinations together.
 Relentless action cannot dispel the toxic levels of claptrap that stink up this po-faced, slow-witted remake.
 This iteration of Point Break effectively serves as a blueprint of exactly how not to reboot an action film.
 A complete failure. Who would've thought? [Full review in Spanish]
 Point Break aspires to be a decent remake, but winds up being one of the most boring action films ever made.
 If you like to see people pushing themselves to the physical brink, parts of the movie will absolutely hold your attention. If only the plot was that compelling.
 [Director] Carpignano has discovered a genuine performer with charisma and confidence in Koudous Seihon.
 Both topically and dramatically, this is a film that matters more than most when immigration has reached an explosive status with people fleeing misery being blamed for the Paris terrorist attack. 
 The film is unwaveringly attentive to problematizing the dividing line between predator and prey.
 A piercing character study whose narrow view frustrates complete empathy.
 There's a specificity to Mediterranea that at times makes it feel like an actual documentary.
 Too much directorial obfuscation keeps this powerful refugee tale from being as potent as it could be.
 This calm, hardheaded film never sacrifices its toughness for a swooning, misty-eyed moment of hope.
 Carpignano glosses over much of the sociopolitical context in his depictions of the chain of events.
 Offers a deliberately muted, finely textured account of the ordeals many Africans endure both before and after voyages to Europe in search of better lives.
 "Mediterranea" does not solely owe its topicality to recent events, like the tragic sinking of an immigrant boat bound for Italy off the coast of Libya that resulted in 400 deaths, it will induce a shiver of recognition for American viewers too.
 If you're the sort to wonder what it is that drives people to leave their homes to find work in other countries, or even other continents, then think of the film as an educational experience.
 Sad story about the struggles of two brothers from Burkina Faso who journey to Italy in hopes of finding a better life.
 This is a story packed with the sort of heartbreak and worry that would be hard to sit through were it not for American director Jonas Carpignano's touching, tender narrative skill.
 It's a slow-burn study in feeling powerless and unwelcome, anchored by Seihon's performance as a man patient and adept at sussing out and adapting to what others need until he just can't do it any longer.
 This debut feature from director Jonas Carpignano is often both harrowing and moving though this film festival favorite...falls short of some of the similar, and even more tragic, stories that can be heard just by turning on the news.
 Though realized with great empathy and tact, the film fails to convey the catastrophic extent of the situation it addresses by keeping its narrative too tightly focused.
 A timely humanistic immigration film.
 This is as accessible and as lovable as avant-garde filmmaking ever gets.
 Offers a loving and unvarnished look at one of Oklahoma's more eccentric stars.
 A poetic exploration of a moment, a place and an artist.
 Whiskery and restless, grooving and grotesque, the documentarian Les Blank's long-suppressed film A Poem Is a Naked Person plays like your memories of some mad, stoned last-century summer.
 A Poem Is A Naked Person is littered with striking moments that fit casually into Blank's study of fame and aspiration.
 Les Blank's long-lost Leon Russell documentary is a beguiling snapshot of a lost era.
 And this is A Poem is a Naked Person's accomplishment: composing a symphonic harmony of seemingly dissociated activities and subjects into one comprehensive, elegantly organized and, yes, even poetic whole.
 An inside look at the 1970's Leon Russell that is not much of an inside look at all.
 A perfect example of the down-home informality Blank made famous.
 "A Poem Is a Naked Person" is a tuneful peculiarity, capturing singer-songwriter Leon Russell and his bandmates, his friends, guest musicians and Oklahoma eccentrics.
 In essence, the real audience for this are Leon Russell aficionados, of which there are fewer today than in 1974.
 Russell embodies history of Southern rock, with roots proudly showing. . .Cultural heritage [as] living, breathing, rocking and rolling inspiration, is wonderfully preserved.
 In the '70s, this would've been an unusually intimate tour portrait. Now, it's a newly unearthed time capsule, the remarkable clarity of Blank's portrait compounded by the distance from which we're looking at it.
 I like Russell's music, but I learned absolutely nothing about him.
 A Poem is a Naked Person is a trippy time-capsule celebration of Russell and his music and of Oklahoma and its people.
 You begin to understand the eccentric characters and amazing weirdness of a (now lost) America that Blank was celebrating.
 Blank isn't afraid of the artistic wrath that he may incur and rather than making a Leon Russell film, has made what is defiantly a Les Blank film full of all of the idiosyncrasies that one would expect. 
 This film was never released in theaters - it was obviously way too far out and ragged for its own good. But it works nicely as a warped time capsule harkening back to strange days.
 Shot while hanging out with Russell across two years, "Poem" wriggles with weirdness and smells to high heaven of its 1970s roots. 
 Shot in the early 70s but shelved for 40 years, this portrait of R&B great Leon Russell (1974) immediately takes its place among the best rock docs.
 Therein lies Berardini's critique: using naught but his subjects' own words, he paints a portrait of men who have been dazzled by profits at the expense of their ethics.
 Though at times not for the fainthearted, Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle takes subject matter many of us probably give little thought to at all in day to day life and asks us to consider it deeply.
 An important account of shifts in policing tactics and the problematic interaction between law enforcement and private companies.
 Footage of the now-wealthy Smiths being deposed is damning, the brothers' legal jiujitsu is appalling, and the stories of deaths are heartbreaking.
 Relying entirely on flawed cases and weak lawsuits from the mid-2000s, "Killing Them Safely" is a very poor indictment of TASER International, the manufacturer of the widely used and mostly safe electronic weapon.
 A dark comedy about humanity's knack for quickie solutions and our ability to lie to ourselves, especially when our noble deeds go awry.
 Berardini's doc vigorously proves that despite their marketing, Tasers are not the answer. They are only means to a bigger, deadlier problem.
 Mr. Berardini's packed documentary makes its case early and often, perhaps too often, but it's more chilling than your average issue film.
 With the intensified focus on use of force in police departments, the unsettling documentary "Killing Them Safely" couldn't be timelier.
 Killing Them Safely is, above all, an example of excellent, ethical, fair, and balanced journalism allowing both sides to state their case.
 With adjusted expectations, the movie plays with surprising depth, inspecting the redemption of a ruined life with care and attention to thespian detail. 
 Solid and dependable, "Forsaken" shouldn't be forgotten. But I wish so much of it didn't feel half-remembered.
 It has a solid story to tell, and tells it with no winks and few, if any, frills. It's involving and ultimately exciting.
 The movie is too visually lovely to forsake, but the predictable story and basic plot holes remain unforgiven.
 [Screenwriter Brad] Mirman follows the Western template as if it were an exact science.
 Attempts to be a slow burn thriller building to a climactic shoot-out are more 'Back to the Future III' than 'High Noon,' but smaller character moments are deeply, genuinely felt by the actors. 
 It's hard to be overtly opinionated regarding Forsaken, because the plodding, uneventful little movie never asks more of you than basic consciousness; it's like the cinematic equivalent of cleaning out dryer lint.
 True, we have seen almost all the elements in "Forsaken" in a hundred Westerns of the past. But they're assembled with such care that there's room for version 101.
 ... conveys a gritty style and features solid performances, but most of the characters and themes seem recycled.
 So generic are these tribulations and story beats that they could have entered the realm of self-aware camp if they weren't played so straight. 
 Old-school western fans won't find a lot of originality here, but if you're looking for a well-executed, straight genre exercise, give it a shot.
 Forsaken greatly benefits from the poignant teaming of its father-and-son stars -- as well as Michael Wincott as an especially elegant and eloquent gunfighter who has great respect for John.
 Though it borrows liberally from the classic Shane and doesn't really offer anything new, this lowkey Western still works, thanks to patient storytelling and a batch of strong performances.
 Father and son team up for a Western in the classic style.
 In the end, there is nothing horribly wrong with Forsaken, but there isn't all that much right about it either. 
 Forsaken offers sufficient gun battles, standoffs, and shot-him-dead moments to keep fans of superficial Westerns entertained, but its revenge story is unfalteringly by-the-books.
 Because of its intriguing emphasis on the strained father/son relationship, 'Forsaken' ends up being a compelling drama as well as a wonderful addition to the Western genre. 
 Forsaken is still a film to be enjoyed. The performances themselves justify that.
 It should please those who like their westerns the old-fashioned way.
 In a standard cowering-town-needs-a-gunfighter drama, typical themes (redemption, forgiveness) are laid out with little imagination.
 "Exposed" is a mess and completely forgettable, but perhaps it's more interesting as a lost movie, with its true form caught between the demands of its financier and the vision of its original creator.
 In certain mutilated pictures, you can detect the lineaments of greatness: Consider Orson Welles's "The Magnificent Ambersons." Here, that's not the case.
 'Exposed' is confusing and very difficult to follow. It ends up being a downer mess -- despite interesting turns by Keanu Reeves and Ana de Armas. 
 Awfully silly - and just plain awful ...
 The confused, heel-dragging mystery drama Exposed suggests an especially dour, arty episode of Law & Order: SVU, minus any reasons to keep watching.
 Cliched thriller mixes cop story, supernatural elements.
 ... feels like two disparate ideas scrambled together in a way that's never convincing.
 Has a grimy, off-kilter charm not seen since the heyday of '70s exploitation.
 What a strange and frustrating mess this is.
 Exposed is a film suffering from blunt force trauma to the head. 
 With Reeves in energy-saving mode, the troubled cop and corruption routines simmer but never come to the boil.
 [Reeves] appears to only have two expressions: sad face and need-a-pee face.
 What is being released is a baffling hodge-podge of a movie, full of contradictory elements. Bits of it, seen in isolation, are effective and atmospheric, but the plotting is tangled and confused.
 It's clearly intended as a magical-realist take on very genuine social conflicts, but the result, in this edit at least, is a trial to sit through.
 To call it disjointed is an understatement: Exposed is unintelligible. It feels like two completely different movies inelegantly Frankensteined together.
 Incomprehensibly disjointed and stunningly dull ...
 A grim-faced Keanu Reeves looks bewildered throughout Exposed and you can only sympathise.
 Carries a complex, convoluted narrative that attempts to cover too much ground, balancing a myriad of themes.
 It's fascinating to watch -- not once was I bored -- and superior to most other offerings on the big screen at the moment.
 It has all the Tarantino's characteristics and that's the reason this is a must for the filmmaker fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
 There's politically incorrect humor and violence, as well as an attractive cast, but it's too long to be perfect. [Full Review in Spanish]
 'The Hateful Eight', is a confirmation of an exaggerated and fuzzy Tarantino, so determined to surprise us with his wit and shock us with his audacity and ends up sabotaging his interesting argument with excessive characters. [Full Review in Spanish
 Tarantino brings a very bold political film disguised as a western that seems deep but at the same time can be enjoyed without any problems. [Full review in Spanish]
 Even though I don't think this is Tarantino's best film, the director delivers and satisfies his fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Tarantino is a slicker and just cares about giving The Hateful Eight an air of quality. [Full review in Spanish]
 All these great actors, the majestic landscapes and picturesque and mysterious characters wasted... A Tarantino's mistake. [Full review in Spanish]
 The Hateful Eight doesn't try to make a point about race or the status quo in America today, it doesn't even try to do it. It's just interested in telling us a good, violent and emotional story. [Full review in Spanish]
 As he becomes even wiser an orchestrator of scenarios, characters, and conclusions, Tarantino's work turns more vicious in its time-bomb-like destruction. 
 While not a quantum leap forward in his directing, The Hateful Eight finds a new corner for the filmmaker to explore as both a writer and a director.
 Scenes do not gel into a whole, nor do characters compel; suspense is absent, and early parody and irony have given way to out-and-out torture porn. 
 The Hateful Eight is easily Tarantino's most fierce and contemporary film to date.
 The Hateful Eight sees Tarantino stake a claim as his own most passionate auteurist: the film is a melting chamber-pot of self-referentiality and re-creation.
 Its lenght and lack of that characteristical 'Tarantino shine' of his more famous body of work make a rewatch of this film a necessary to develop a taste for it. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It's good and bad, trashy and brilliant, flimsy and substantial all at the same time. And as for Tarantino? He's maddening, frustrating, totally unique.
 Bloated and hilariously self-indulgent.
 Tarantino is making his points and although it's too long, it is a spectacle to enjoy, a mix between The Canterbury Tales, Cluedo and spaghetti westerns.
 Just when you think you know what Quentin Tarantino will do next, you realize just how wrong you are as evidenced by this great addition to the director's oeuvre. 
 It's not exactly a culmination of Tarantino's work to date but it echoes themes and storytelling ideas we've seen him play with since Reservoir Dogs.
 The expose of brain damage risks to footballers is powerful stuff, but the film never flies, due to a messy screenplay that loses its focus and awkwardly interweaves an immigrant love story into the mix
 I am a sucker for cause films that champion right against might, but even allowing for that bias, I can recommend Concussion as engaging cinematic grit
 It's become all too easy for heavyweights like the NFL to forget the essence of sport: win or lose, it's just a game but one which can physically and mentally scar the real people who play them.
 Feels like an outline spun by an ambitious Hollywood executive rather than anything resembling real life.
 Tthe events depicted are fascinating but feel inconclusive, so it's easy to leave feeling a little unfulfilled at the close of play.
 Relying in no small part on Smith's reliably first-rate performance, Concussion is a thoughtful and interesting story neglectfully executed.
 The science shines brightest in this confronting true story that brings shocking new meaning to the phrase 'contact sport'.
 Concussion takes a serious subject - brain damage caused to professional American football players, and the collusion of the medical establishment in covering it up - and renders it in full-bore, crashing-bore, Oscar-courting prestige drama mode.
 Viewers, and not just retired footballers, can all too easily forget what the movie's even about.
 Smith still does a fine job of communicating the stubborn resilience of Omalu, an admirably unapologetic whistleblower so committed to the CTE cause he paid for his lifesaving research out of his own pocket.
 In terms of leading some discourse about the safety of America's most popular sport, at least 'Concussion' is in the stadium. But Concussion doesn't really enter the game. 
 Omalu's dedication to his profession and his struggle to make himself heard and understood make for an inspirational story, and Landesman effectively lays out the facts and invites the audience to judge both Omalu and his opponents.
 Smith's quietly tough performance gives Concussion its heart.
 The NFL may well feel gratified that the movie is as vague and weak as it is.
 Will Smith's performance is solid, but Concussion's plodding, procedural nature turns the drama into a bit of a do-gooder dirge.
 The film is worth for two reasons: its theme and its main actor. [Full Review in Spanish]
 To see Will Smith seriously acting is refreshing, he should try it more often. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The script also knows how to pull back when sentimentality threatens. The film's salutary ending shows just how it's done.
 Told in fits and starts, the film does convey a fair bit of information, but it never clarifies what needs to be done about the continuing danger.
 I'm not sure I would ever forbid a son of mine to play football. But I would definitely insist he see Concussion before strapping on those pads.
 A fascinating and entertaining attempt to answer baseball's Big Question -- Who was the fastest ever?
 [Stands] as further testament to baseball's status as our most chess-like sport, and one that, even when broken down to its tiniest component parts, never loses its magic.
 For baseball fans, it delivers the high heat. For the non-fan, there may be a little too much inside baseball.
 Fastball will change the way you watch the game, without ever diminishing the sport's mystery and grandeur.
 There's nothing here that wouldn't have fit comfortably into an hour-long TV special, and it starts to drag after a while.
 The irony of the push to speed up the game of baseball - the amount of time between pitches, between commercial breaks, between anything that might actually appeal to the iGeneration - is that speed has always been at the heart of the game.
 Filmmaker Jonathan Hock goes beyond anecdotes to the larger role of the fastball in baseball, the way the game changed when the pursuit of velocities exceeding a batter's reaction time became a Holy Grail.
 This appealing documentary makes you understand why aficionados regard baseball as a form of poetry.
 With Kevin Costner narrating, Hock illuminates and entertains as he sketches portraits of the greats, from original fireballer Walter Johnson to the indomitable Nolan Ryan.
 You don't have to be a baseball fanatic or for that matter a historian or a physicist to appreciate "Fastball" ...
 Hock's documentary has a thrilling pop that should help it strike a competitive chord with anyone even remotely enchanted by our national pastime.
 Suitably solemn yet irresistibly lively documentary about the myth, lore and logistics of baseball's classic pitch.
 The lively MLB-produced doc's choice archival material and full roster of new interviews will delight fans, both as a warm-up to the 2016 season and beyond.
 The sunniness of Fastball leaves out a lot, but watching it can be as pleasurable as an afternoon at the ballpark.
 A fascinating and downright lovable documentary feature by Jonathan Hock.
 If you are not familiar with this level of baseball nerdiness, then Fastball will be a revelation, and hopefully an entertaining one. If you are familiar, then Fastball will satisfy on a deep and extremely specific level.
 One of the worst films to play Midnight Madness in ages...
 Baskin is Turkey's answer to a Rob Zombie movie, which is meant as a compliment in this case.
 Take it or leave it, but I was very happy to have partaken. So, I suspect, will more than a few other pervy geeks.
 ...horror-hounds will relish the orgy of the damned that unfolds.
 surreal, uncompromising, bestial and eerily beautiful... even if it is not, despite what some unsuspecting viewers may believe, named for a certain popular brand of ice cream, Evrenol's film sure is one haunting Turkish delight.
 Baskin excels beyond its vile, visceral aesthetic into a puzzle of keyholes, doors, and fate.
 Visually, Baskin is like a twisted sibling of Fulci and Argento by way of Cronenberg and Winding Refn.
 Baskin is the classic example of a film that fails because it can't support its carnage. I'm all for extreme blood and guts, but it needs to have purpose.
 [Baskin] offers little in the way of narrative involvement or scares but doesn't stint on sustained, stylized revulsion.
 Its initial promise dissipates in a muddle of repetitious phantasmagoria and too little narrative or character development.
 Baffles and bedazzles before blistering into a masterpiece.
 The film mostly functions as a tour of familiar horror tropes for much of its running time.
 Evrenol shoots all of this artfully, imbuing everything from a police van broken down by the side of a road to a man having his intestines slowly pulled out with a certain eerie beauty.
 It's a testament to the power of Baskin's imagery and atmosphere (and the solid performances), then, that the shortcomings fall by the wayside for long stretches as we absorb this freaky world in which the protagonists find themselves.
 Tickling the mind even as it lurches the gut, "Baskin," a stylish, shape-shifting horror film from Turkey, pulls a bait-and-switch.
 "Baskin" is a perfectly imbalanced mix of chilly atmosphere, heavy-handed symbolism, and familiar horror-movie tropes.
 A torture-gore blowout that rises above pure nausea with an intriguing blur of possible realities.
 The pacing is slack and the splatter excessive, but this twisted cross-genre exercise should be red meat to gore-hounds.
 The filmmakers handle their material efficiently, but it's hard to imagine anyone familiar with the genre finding Bleed fresh or as vividly scary as its predecessors.
 Bleed is familiar, by-the-numbers horror filmmaking, but it's also short and sweet enough to capitalize on cheap thrills.
 Too derivative and not stylish enough to merit any special championing, as indie B-horror movies go, it's nonetheless nicely crafted enough to rate a cut above the low-expectation median.
 Reflecting influences ranging from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre to Rosemary's Baby to -- well, you name it -- Bleed doesn't exactly break any new ground, stylistically or otherwise.
 Bleed is really nothing you haven't seen before, but there's still some pretty interesting elements that result from its mixtape approach.
 A comedy that's neither clever enough nor sufficiently over the top.
 Despite its flagrant attempts to mimic what works in the comedies by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, it's never particularly funny.
 The problem is that a movie like this - limp, lazy, generic - just doesn't cut it at a time when American indies and television offer sharp, witty, satisfyingly complex takes on the "Facebook generation."
 Shot like a typically ugly Adam Sandler effort and so clumsily stitched together that it feels as if large plot chunks litter the editing-room floor ...
 Not only is this ensemble unemployment comedy labored and witless, but it bears the unmistakable scars of a protracted and ultimately failed struggle in the editing room.
 It's hard work finding work these days, is it not? Not according to "Get a Job."
 At its sloppy heart, this is meant to be an affirming movie, but the filmmakers could have taken a cue from one line of dialogue: "Don't just feel special. Be special."
 Clearly, the economy has given Get a Job a reason to be sour. But there's no excuse for being so sexist. 
 The imperfect work mired in storage all this time gets a well-deserved spin.
 "Get a Job" is nothing special.
 Not only is this a movie without any guts, it doesn't have much of a brain either.
 Predictable workplace comedy has drugs, sex, swearing.
 After a viewing, it's obvious why the producers lost interest in releasing it. 
 Get A Job points to either massive studio compromise or a filmmaker who has somehow lost the mastery of his once-auspicious occupation
 Get A Job's primary problem is that it doesn't know if it wants to be a realistic look at millennials and the current economy, or go for the cheap gag about the jive-talking pimp renting out a sleazy motel.
 This long-shelved comedy proves a disappointing mix of onscreen talent, uneven social satire and juvenile humor.
 What makes Get A Job so infuriatingly bad, rather than the kind of film you hate and then completely forget about, is the all-star cast that it has at its disposal and disgracefully wastes.
 A brutally cynical, largely unfunny film fueled by muddled social commentary.
 Writer-directors Micah Wright and Jay Lender are kids'-cartoon vets and show a facility for comedy on a more human level here - as does the nimble cast, which ably handles the tonal shift from travel nightmare to actual nightmare.
 Is the film savaging cable TV? Ethically challenged filmmakers? Found-footage horror itself? If the intent was to finish off this subgenre by exposing the rote mechanics behind it, the mission is only halfway accomplished.
 Wait, you mean you won't be begging for They're Watching's cast to be sliced and diced? How ... refreshing.
 What we have here is a horror movie with all the expected trimmings: Rumors of witchcraft. An isolated house way out in the middle of spooky woods where no one can hear you ... well, you know how that goes.
 The storytelling becomes muddled in the middle, and the suspense doesn't build as well as it ought to, but the winking undercurrent keeps the film watchable.
 Viewers looking for the minimal amount of horror in their horror comedies will be appeased with They're Watching, but the focus here is on laughs, not chills - and that won't work for audiences seeking an equal balance between genres.
 Here comes one weird, cracked-out, trippy horror tale that kicks into high screams at the 62-minute mark.
 The movie doesn't do justice to a promising premise.
 Tired jokes and uninspired gore abound in what amounts to an unbearable experience, and that's before the climactic bloodbath has a chance to disappoint with its sub-amateur special effects.
 Here's a 94-minute found-footage horror movie that would have worked better as an 8-minute found-footage Funny or Die comedy sketch.
 An hour and fifteen minutes of tedium is too long to wait for two or three minutes of pleasantly cheesy.
 A contemporary Blair Witch Project knock-off that feels significantly more dated than the film it's inspired by.
 It makes some progress, but it unsurprisingly stalls where so many found footage films have failed before.
 Neither very plausible nor scary, this found-footage exercise is nonetheless entertaining enough for a spell ...
 So much better than last year's plodding, aimless Part 1.
 Part 2 is supposed to be the emotional crescendo to an epic love triangle, but due a complete lack of chemistry between Lawrence and her callow male co-stars, it's all hollow, and the gold-embossed Super Happy Ending feels fraudulent. D.B.
 Affirms Katniss Everdeen's status as the most significant of the reluctant teen heroes who have battled adult tyranny in the fantasy movie series of the past few decades (and no, I'm not forgetting Luke Skywalker or Harry Potter).
 action and theme don't always cohere, and what's good in the film too often has to be dug out from under a lot of underwhelming excess
 Well, the Hunger Games finally grew up at the end, after all that silliness about the earth-shattering importance of fashion statements. We finally got one convincing romance, to go with a real battle and real politics.
 This 137 minute conclusion results heavy and drags considerably due to its lack of what it promised: Action, emotion, unrestrained rage. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It reminds us that every "happy" ending can also be a tragedy. [Full review in Spanish]
 While there's lots to recommend the movie, the silly premise is the only thing I could focus on for the entire 2 hours and 17 minutes -- which is inexcusably long for a movie that is actually just half of a movie.
 Relentlessly bleak from the first frame, this final outing pulls no punches as white knuckle action sequences see the casualty rate rise alongside the tension.
 the last hour of Hunger Games 3.2 is good enough that deeper readings of this text would actually hold water in a way that previous attempts to politicize it have failed.
 Part 2 feels like it has a sense of direction that was lost after the first movie, and it's enjoyably more action-heavy. 
 It's frustrating to watch the Jennifer Lawrence be marched from plot point to plot point, just getting things over with. 
 I understand that YA books succeed by transposing real teen concerns into life-and-death fantasy situations, but any connection to the characters that existed by the end of 2013's Catching Fire has been stripped away by these plodding Mockingjay movies.
 I remember struggling with Suzanne Collins' final book. It didn't have the same sense of urgency and excitement. My thoughts on this movie are essentially the same.
 In this final film, fans will get a satisfying resolution. It's an emotional and dark journey illuminated by an otherworldly performance from Jennifer Lawrence.
 A satisfying conclusion to a brilliant series of films that show us the dangers of the oligarchy.
 Kudos to Lawrence for helping bring a satisfactory conclusion
 [The] rare blockbuster that finds a compelling middle ground between thoughtfulness and big, splashy spectacle. 
 A fittingly serviceable end to a series that always had more potential than impact.
 ... provides a satisfying end to the story rather than an inspiring one. It preserves the dark turn of the book's finale, the character of Katniss, and the journey of Peeta to recover the compassion destroyed by Snow.
 First with the telephone, then early cinema, the magic of wireless radio and, finally, television, Dreams Rewired bombards the senses with a thorough and clever montage of found footage from the 1890s to the pre-war era.
 The documentary isn't advancing an argument so much as simply restating a European socialistic breed of fact. 
 An extended look, sans nostalgia, at how we used to envision ourselves and our future - and at how those of us alive now, at what seems the apex of communication technology, will look to everyone watching us in the future.
 Compilation of silent and sound films attempts to address fears about technology, but proves excruciating instead.
 A lively, visually enthralling attempt to gaze into the future by remembering the past.
 The ethereal essay provides a bounty of poetry, in the form of a measured narration by international treasure Tilda Swinton, and an extensively labored assembly of 200 black-and-white film clips.
 The film really serves as a tribute to the then newfangled phenomenon of moving pictures ... Its most persuasive (and unspoken) revelation is that filmmaking evolved concurrently in the Old World as it did in the United States.
 It's a feast for fans of early film, but alas, the narration is inescapable.
 As a documentary, "Dreams Rewired" spends a long time circling various points without ever landing on one.
 The entertaining Tilda Swinton narrates, from a high-falutin' academic script, but it's the images that provide the fascination.
 Science fiction becomes reality in this funny and disturbing collection of filmed techno-history
 Dreams Rewired isn't in the business of recovery or even analysis. Instead, it gestures, it implies, it signifies.
 "Dreams Rewired" is scattered by necessity and intent, and it throws off enough sparks to set your brain reeling.
 The effect is more somnambulistic than stimulating, and eventually you're less concerned about Big Brother peering into your home than you are about getting Tilda Swinton out of your head.
 Solid messages and mild scares are fun; more toys for sale.
 a series of predictable and pedestrian scenarios, including a morbidly obvious comparison between the two gentlemen's organs of generation that will color your thinking about Patrick Stewart forever. 
 While the pair of them look like they might just perhaps be able to make this highly improbable and dubiously conservative nonsense vaguely amusing, they don't.
 The movie won't earn Ferrell any new fans, but it's a safe bet if you like his type of humor. [Full review in Spanish]
 Watch if you enjoy watching talented people waste their time, and also enjoy wasting yours.
 That's one problematic comedy.
 An odd mix of sentimental family warmth and gross-out antics, this comedy doesn't have the courage of its own convictions, which means that it's not quite funny enough to keep the audience fully entertained. 
 The second pairing of Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg isn't as funny as their first offering, The Other Guys, but it's still funny enough to warrant a look.
 It has its share of laughs, even though they may not be memorable ones.
 What keeps Daddy's Home watchable is Wahlberg's checkmate machismo, as the intimidating foil necessary for Ferrell's namby-pambyism to register. It's like watching Andy Samberg's SNL impersonation of tough guy Mark Wahlberg, a self-parody of a spoof.
 Slapstick comedy that really doesn't do anything new for the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
 Predictably stupid and hopelessly obnoxious...
 There is no doubt that Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg connect on screen. See them interact together has its charm but not enough to make us burst into laughter. [Full review in Spanish]
 The usual formula is used to make this a generic but fun comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
 Daddy's Home insists on staying in common ground and to make matters worse, his argument is unable to build paths that culminate in moments of laughter. [Full review in Spanish]
 Sadly, not even the great performances can't save its awful script. [Full review in Spanish]
 What's the target audience? It's really innapropriate for a family film. [Full review in Spanish]
 Daddy's Home manages to succeed thanks to Will Ferrell, experienced comedian that once again stays in his comfort zone to do what he does best: amuse others with his characteristic jokes, comments and gestures. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Somewhere hidden in this film there is a good comedy. [Full Review in Spanish]
 This movie feel extremely long and repetitive despite its hour-and-a-half lenght, something deeply worrying given that comedies are supposed to make you laugh, which Daddy's home fails at. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It's symptomatic of the production's limpness that the movie was shot, for tax-credit reasons, in New Orleans, yet the locations have been scrubbed to a funk-free suburban anonymity.
 "James White" gets up close and personal in often discomfiting ways, but it's never exploitative or glib. It hits the highs, and the rock bottoms, and all the damnable stuff in between.
 Filmmaker Josh Mond is as interested in his hero's valleys as his...well, not peaks, but the moments when he's less agitated, even peaceful.
 Abbott contributes a smart, soulful performance, but Nixon keeps threatening to walk away with the movie as the mother, who can't get enough of life and whose physical decay is colored by rage, defiance, and terror.
 Both Nixon and Mond invest James White... with a raw honesty that makes James White a compelling drama about the demands and rewards of family.
 An accomplished and compelling film by writer/director Josh Mond, James White is also pretty much a bummer.
 Wisely, James White leaves the unresolved troubles and feelings of its eponymous character unresolved.
 The acting is good in this film, but watching it is like a depressing, exhausting journey to nowhere.
 It's Abbott who's the revelation, showing off all sorts of previously unseen leading-man potential.
 Veteran producer Josh Mond makes his feature-directing debut here. It elides as much as it shows, but his sketches are mostly deft and always deeply physical.
 The experience of watching "James White" is like being shut up in a small, dark, airless room ... a sickroom.
 Abbott's performance is serious and committed; James White is constantly fuming in an interior dispute with the rest of the world.
 Most films dealing with illness and carer relationships follow the same emotional paths and miss the same points. This film, by contrast, feels fresh and real even to those of us who have been there.
 Whether you want to spend time with "James White" depends on your tolerance for yet another film about how hard it is for guys who just feel too much.
 "James White" can be a chore to sit through, but it's never completely without merit.
 The movie... is so engaging there are times when it becomes almost overwhelming. But that is a glowing sign of how well the movie is acted and put together.
 Death does not become him
 A low-key but devastating drama with more raw authenticity than a hundred examples of Sundance landfill.
 This courageous film gets right up in the face of suffering and it doesn't flinch.
 It's not easy viewing by any means. But it is strangely refreshing for a movie to show us that terminal illness involves agony and vomit and terror, despite what Beaches might have told us.
 One will never wish to go through precisely what White does, but losing one's parents is inevitable, and the film is a searingly authentic portrait of the process.
 Writer-director William Riead offers a highly simplified version of his subject's life.
 If Mother Teresa were here to see the film, she would probably say, 'You made this piece of garbage about me?'
 This Mother Teresa biopic offers Hallmark Channel-grade inspiration of the most sluggish sort.
 A biopic about Mother Teresa could have easily been a self-important slog, yet William Riead's "The Letters" proves a stirring and absorbing if not quite definitive drama.
 Struggles aren't ignored here; they're just surmounted with patience and devotion. That may be a good strategy in life, but it can be static to watch on screen.
 Her accomplishments are even more impressive once we learn how fiercely she wrestled with God.
 Even Mother Teresa's harshest detractors might say she deserves a better biopic than The Letters
 A drama in which belief is reduced to well-meaning but inert treacle.
 Bound to disappoint, especially considering the absolutely wasted and bungled potential. Quite possibly the most boring and dramatically inert movie you'll see all year. (Full Content Review for Parents -- Violence, etc. -- also available)
 Underwhelming biopic about the extraordinary Mother Teresa.
 Her work made her one of the most celebrated figures of the 20th century, but The Letters is far too preoccupied with the bureaucratic minutiae of her journey.
 Good intentions alone can't salvage this aggressively heavy-handed Mother Teresa biopic that perhaps could use some divine filmmaking intervention.
 This is a revealing study of a woman who was one thing to the world but something completely different to herself, with a fine performance by Juliet Stevenson
 Teresa is simply portrayed as a dedicated servant of God, while whatever internal struggle she dealt with remains told, not shown.
 Ms. Stevenson is effective and credible in the role. And "The Letters" is worth viewing for people of all faiths.
 "The Letters" is a beautiful and deeply moving tribute to the self-sacrificing Mother Teresa. 
 A warts-and-all biopic which reveals Mother Teresa as a tortured soul who felt abandoned by the same God she served so selflessly.
 The movie's writing, direction and acting are not alone in blowing. Ciaran Hope's overwrought score sounds like a mashup of music from hokey old biblical pictures. If a duller, less inspired film hits the cineplex this season, it will be a miracle.
 It's refreshing to encounter the occasional movie character who is blessedly devoid of guile. For that matter, it's also a relief to attend a film where we're not expected to hiss and throw our popcorn at the screen the moment a Catholic priest appears.
 A tale of two Mother Teresa's: On the brink of Vatican sainthood just announced, holy healer or 'hell's angel'? Expect an essentially nuance-free infomercial embrace of the former, despite ironic inklings of nun feminism challenging male church authority.
 Not without its heated confrontations, but it feels unnecessary, working to depict the downfall of a man who's beaten them to the punch in terms of addressing his own self-destructive tendencies. 
 While perhaps not as deep as it could have been, the movie is nonetheless a compelling examination of an unrepentant cheater.
 Despite a committed lead performance from Ben Foster, Frears' drama is an obvious and frustrating depiction of ambition and obsession.
 The Program feels ultimately more akin to box-ticking than character-powered drama.
 I had a hard time buying so much concentrated bile, and for me, the film loses an objectivity that might have otherwise scored points for the destructive nature of competition that can wreck a decent man's corrupted psyche.
 There is nothing remotely likable, or even relatable, about Lance Armstrong in The Program.
 We're left with the well-acted and well-told, if familiar, story of a man who knew better but couldn't stop himself.
 The Program is a highly watchable, very enjoyable film, but never truly manages to get to the heart of the issue.
 Frears squeezes tension out of these interstitial moments, letting personalities rather than facts collide.
 Foster nails Armstrong, right down to his final, clenched-jaw TV confession to Oprah Winfrey but The Program's glancing narrative feels less secure.
 "The Program," much to its detriment, concentrates almost exclusively on the history of the doping effort . There is no mention of his childhood or adolescence or any attempt to analyze his character.
 The most surprising thing about 'The Program'...is how narratively pedestrian it is...feels like territory that's already been well-trod (or ridden).
 It never goes deep on what it was that produced the awfulness that is Lance Armstrong.
 "The Program" fails to add anything new, or penetrate the soul of so crafty a cheater.
 For a story about incredibly focused determination - and if nothing else, Lance Armstrong had that - the film remains strangely uninvolved.
 The Program reveals the tiniest details about Lance Armstrong's doping regimen. Just don't expect to learn as much about the cyclist himself.
 The flashily photographed enterprise too often becomes a blur of sound bites and slick aesthetics akin to a Nike commercial.
 The Program is a solid primer to this fascinating rise-and-fall saga -- one offering far-reaching implications about corruption in sports and celebrity culture.
 Much like Frears' other films, The Program shines best in its performances. Ben Foster disappears into his role as Armstrong...
 Flat Lance Armstrong biopic has drugs, strong language.
 Toby and co. come across as a pale, anti-intellectual imitation of the college-aged friends in Donna Tartt's The Secret History - a novel that explores the roots of its characters' moral recklessness rather than just chalking it up to teenage feelings.
 Toby is so un-self-aware that his journey seems like mere obtuseness; what the film has to say about youthful degeneracy is less than zero.
 Nearly everything about "The Preppie Connection" - from the high-school class war to the flat, explanatory narration - has been cribbed from other, better films.
 This film fails even to evoke the '80s in costumes, soundtrack or other atmospherics.
 [A] shallow and profoundly unexciting "true-life account" of one student's brief reign as a campus drug lord.
 As written, Toby is somewhat of an empty slate, and Mann doesn't do much to fill in the blanks.
 A dramatized real-life scandal of 1980s prep-school drug dealing plays like a tepid compilation of fictive cliches in The Preppie Connection.
 By the time quotes from Joseph Goebbels are used to explain Fox's methods, The Brainwashing of My Dad has resorted to the tactics of its targets ...
 A timely and thought-provoking portrait of the soulscape of America with its rage, lack of civility, and right-wing media machinations.
 Points fingers in all the right directions but fails to dig deep enough.
 Although Senko ultimately overplays Hillary Clinton's "vast right-wing conspiracy" card, her film, with its timely "Trumpian" reverberations, nevertheless serves up some compelling food for thought.
 Right-wing outlets may be exploiting humanity's ugly side, but Ms. Senko's frail-looking father (who died in January at 93) isn't so much the face of the phenomenon as he is a small and not especially representative sample of it.
 Jen Senko's workmanlike (Kickstarter-funded) documentary examines American media's propaganda-led phenomenon of extreme rightwing bigotry with a fine-tooth comb.
 Through anecdotal and social science research, Senko's film also provides much-needed insight as to why Donald Trump's caustic discourse and demagoguery is catnip for so many people.
 An entertaining look at why Fox News is setting the agenda for what passes for journalism in the U.S, and a tool, perhaps, for deprogramming its adherents.
 A thought-provoking examination of the media's effect on Boobus Americana. 
 Impressively tracks a family phenomenon via media mind controlled ditto-heads, brainwashed staged interventions, angry white men, and drive time as the geography of destiny. But lacks further scrutiny into shadow corporate complicity and a tanked economy.
 Maybe I could say that if Christopher Guest rounded up his usual troupe and did a verbatim, shot-for-shot remake, it would be one of the funniest films of the year.
 In addition to an overreliance on Skype and silly effects such as laugh tracks - the film's examination feels shallow.
 Paula Pell's script is like a distended Saturday Night Live skit, overworking one lame joke: what if a bunch of forty-somethings threw the kind of party you only see in movies about hormonal teenagers?
 Fresh, funny, and heartfelt, Sisters makes up for what it lacks in plot with a rolling succession of tear-inducing jokes and a gaggle of hard-partying characters that you would actually want to buy a drink for.
 There's a darker undertone to the story that is touched upon but not given the gravitas it requires. 
 More wit would be welcome, but Fey and Poehler keep things humming
 Sisters is an uneven mix of raunchy farce and sincerity that's elevated by the undeniable chemistry between Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.
 Sisters is the Fey-Poehler feature-length team-up many have been waiting for.
 Though Sisters does briefly achieve the right levels of relentlessly reckless humour at the height of the aforementioned party, there are protracted spells either side of the main event where even a mild chuckle is hard to find.
 It's a bit like Animal House for girls, but not as freewheeling.
 Is this the collabo between our brightest, savviest comedy players that we've been dreaming of? Not quite. It's easy to want more from Sisters, if only because Fey and Poehler have already given us so much.
 Sisters is a knucklehead comedy - sporadically amusing and always happy to resort to dick jokes - saved a little by the appeal of its leads.
 In what can be taken as an extended and belated apology for their woeful 2008 comedy Baby Mama, funny femmes Tina Fey (30 Rock) and Amy Poehler (Parks and Recreation) team up as sisters for another girls-behaving-badly slapstick comedy. 
 Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are an unbeatable comedy team. That doesn't make them infallible.
 There's no shortage of comedic talent on screen, yet Sisters plays a bit like a raunchy stand up routine, loosely stitched together by a narrative that begs for more than crass, out-to-shock verbal torrent
 Okay, there are some solid one-liners (including two - count 'em! - tampon jokes), and Maya Rudolph is reliably excellent as an uppity spoilsport, Brinda. But the best gags are few and far between, and the movie starts to lag like a lengthy sitcom.
 While it won't be immortalised in the enduring annals of cinema, it did trigger some unexpectedly visceral reactions from me.
 One of the most disappointing films I've seen in a while.
 Agent One: "Hey, we just signed Tina Fey and Amy Poehler to a movie about sisters who visit their childhood home, only to find that their parents have sold it out from under them." Agent Two: "Sounds great. Who's doing the script?" Agent One: "Script?"
 You feel like you're at that party that refuses to die, and all the really interesting people are on the other side of the room doing funny things you strain to overhear.
 Even when Paula Pell's screenplay falters, the likeability of the central pairing is more than enough to carry the picture.
 This movie would have been better with a heavier focus on just these two rather than bringing in their SNL entourage
 Despite the at times amateurish acting, the film is, in the end, surprisingly touching and a reminder of the fragility of love.
 No's film may not lack squelchy spectacle, but when it comes to anything deeper it is oddly anticlimactic.
 After a slow start No's self-referential soap proves more-ish.
 Everything is muted in Love. When not shooting raunchy sex scenes, No's preferred framing is the medium-close-up. He keeps his camera near his characters but seems unable to elicit the true emotional essence of sexuality he claims to court.
 It's bold, fleshy and audacious, at least in theory. But it is also numb.
 Despite being interesting, it's inconsistent and is both a demonstration of the courage of its director, as well as its shortcomings. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A great movie, but deffinately not for those who get offended easily. [Full review in Spanish]
 For a woman that know nothing about what's going on inside a guy's head, this can be the perfect guide to understanding the opposite sex. [Full review in Spanish]
 The blunt eroticism is going backwards, always structurally and narratively backwards, as in all films of No. [Full reviw in Spanish]
 Gaspar No took the fun in sex. [Full review in Spanish]
 Is interesting that Gaspar No still in the search to make audiences feel uncomfortable, but curiously Love is may be one of his least transgressive works. [Full Review in Spanish]
 In theaters it has found rather indifferent response. [Full review in Spanish] 
 You can watch Love in 3D, but it won't add any dimensions to the characters or this script.
 An interesting way to talk about the different aspects of being in a relationship, including sexuality. [Full review in Spanish]
 One of those films you have to see to believe but only for those not easily offended. [Full review in Spanish]
 Exciting, sexy, moving and painful... [Full review in Spanish]
 The problem here isn't really with the porn, but with everything else, which features the weakest dramaturgy this side of Deep Throat. 
 The production values may be appreciably higher than your average porno but in terms of the quality of its plot, dialogue and performances, Love is not that far off.
 Karl Glusman has a future in Hollywood.
 Although masterfully acted by its three main actors, the only new offering in this film responds to the natural need of Noe to cause a shock in the audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
 An informative and infectiously danceable history Latin pop history lesson. 
 A joyous mix of social history and musicology.
 This is a documentary not just for the latin community, or the Bronx community, but for lovers of music, artists of all kinds, and folks who gain some sense of release from music they love.
 Slick and mildly provocative, but overlong with excessive expository information. Steve Jobs makes for a very captivating subject.
 The more interesting question [Gibney poses, and poses well, is why we need to create a hero of someone who no doubt changed the world, but who was more iconoclast that saint.
 If you're expecting solid answers, you'll be severely disappointed. Ditto, if you come expecting a hagiography. In fact, I'm betting worshipers at the church of Jobs will be livid.
 For those who don't yet know of Jobs' dark side, Gibney's documentary will be a useful eye-opener, but those looking to understand what made Jobs great in almost equal proportion to his nastiness will remain in the dark.
 Steve Jobs: The Man In The Machine is a conversation starter loaded with controversial data about the lesser-known life of genius/tyrant Steve Jobs, but it asks a simple question of "why" that it can't even answer itself.
 Alex Gibney's twisty, engrossing documentary Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine approaches its subject from an oblique but highly productive angle.
 While too long and with little new light on Jobs' failings as a human being, the questions it raises about his cult status and the way he helped change the world make it worthwhile.
 An attempt to understand the cult around a figure that's virtuous and revolting at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
 Despite the movie's journalistic substance, the pleasure-free banality of its style gets in the way of a view of Jobs himself, whose work is as much aesthetic as it is industrial.
 Coolly performs vivisection on a man, a company, an industry, and a way of life.
 It simply isn't that easy to write off the Jobs' extraordinary drive to succeed at all costs. The difference between Gibney's documentary and other posthumous profiles of Jobs is that it doesn't necessarily maintain a reverential tone toward its subject.
 A thought-provoking and ethically-charged documentary about the Apple computer entrepreneur.
 If GIbney's questions are not precisely yours, his premise - that documentaries must ask questions rather than presume answers - is bracing, reimagining not only what documentaries can do, but also what belief can do.
 The picture is made with the consummate skill of the predominant documentarian of our age, getting as close as conceivably possible to the essence of Jobs.
 This isn't a love letter or a takedown; it's a procedural, just-the-facts biography of a man who made a big impact on the world.
 Thought-provoking documentary on the iconic legendary Apple co-founder.
 Gibney doesn't offer a big, final Sorkin-style statement. Instead, he grapples with his own ambivalence about Jobs and his enormous social and technological legacy.
 Whether or not you care about Apple products or Steve Jobs, Gibney's documentary offers a story well worth watching.
 A chilling portrait of an icon who remains revered for spearheading so many technological innovations despite his general contempt for humanity and his utter lack of people skills. 
 Gibney is never able to join, or understand, the choir of millions singing the praises of Steve Jobs. Perhaps because of this, the documentary he has created seems a lot closer to the truth than anything else I've seen about Jobs.
 Right from the start, this involving documentary asks much of its audience and poses questions that are unnerving yet engrossing.
 "What Our Fathers Did: A Nazi Legacy" wields a power that towers above many other small movies. It may not be the large definition of cinematic, but it is still a true film.
 ...the sensation of seeing men responsible for so much death relaxing with their families is unsettling, while at the same time highlighting some small vestige of the humanity of both fathers.
 A troubling study of denial, wartime responsibility and the challenge of dealing with a monster in the family.
 The men meet, visit historical sites with Evans, begin to battle: "I like you, but I don't like your brains and the thoughts in your brains." The contrast is bracing. 
 Most troublingly, images of Nazis in modern Ukraine in What Our Fathers Did: A Nazi Legacy suggests that not being able to acknowledge that history paves the way for it to happen again.
 What starts out as a genial documentary about two sons of high officials of the Nazi Party soon turns chilling in the gripping and compelling "What Our Fathers Did: A Nazi Legacy."
 The film is not just about a very specific and difficult conversation. Ultimately, it is also about the failure of conversation itself.
 How do you cope with knowing your father was an architect of evil? In this anguish-inducing documentary, two men struggle with that question in very different ways.
 What Our Fathers Did is a movie about historical and filial responsibility, about repudiation, about acceptance, about the pain we inherit, and the pain that continues to be doled out.
 My Nazi Legacy becomes horribly gripping.
 [Wchter is] a frightening example of how the denial common to fascist regimes can endure long afterward.
 It's a film that attempts the impossible: to make us understand what it's like to confront the fact that your father was responsible for the deaths of thousands upon thousands of innocent Jews during the Holocaust.
 A hard, unsparing watch, but rewarding in the way it pushes each man to find common ground in the darkest corner of history.
 Essential documentary viewing.
 A horribly gripping film.
 It entirely upends what I confess were my own preconceptions about what such a film would be: that is, a placid, consensual study, ruefully brooding on the sins of the fathers. This is far more challenging - and more disturbing.
 What is it like to grow up as the son of a senior Nazi, with atrocities on your family conscience? In this powerful documentary, the British lawyer Philippe Sands meets two men living in the shadow of the Third Reich in very different ways.
 A valuable examination of personal responsibility v familial loyalty set against events that should never be taken for granted.
 A fascinating doc about a couple sons of Nazi war criminals, one ashamed of his father's legacy, the other stubbornly proud. 
 Too much of Noma is composed of gorgeous pillow shots, which grow static and fussy, appearing to exist almost apart from the subject matter. 
 Deschamps never ventures below the surface of Redzepi's wildly successful experiment, and while the pictures are pretty, no one judges food on appearance alone.
 Slick but always sharp in the best contemporary European nonfiction fashion.
 I've never seen a restaurant documentary that seemed less interested in showing the joy of food.
 Most scenes feel stagey, with Redzepi feigning intimacy but sounding like he's auditioning to be the next Gordon Ramsay. 
 The story of Ren Redzepi and his award-winning restaurant, Noma, succeeds in spite of any directorial missteps.
 Less a documentary than a glittering souvenir, but it's still a record of a legend.
 "Noma: My Perfect Storm" is crafted with exquisite care in the vein of its subject, though it occasionally feels overly precious.
 Despite some mouth-watering shots of the presumably delicious menu items, the approach combines a strange mix of ingredients that isn't for all tastes.
 The film forgoes narration for a naturalistic style, putting viewers in the place they're most curious about -- the kitchen.
 The end result is a revealing portrait of an artist wholly dedicated to his art.
 Food is not an inherently cinematic subject, being fundamentally about the sense of taste rather than that of sight. But, in its own terms, this doco isn't too bad at all.
 Unfortunately, you learn more about his struggles, and his food, in multiple episodes of Anthony Bourdain's TV series No Reservations and The Mind of a Chef than you do in the 100 mostly flaccid minutes of Noma: My Perfect Storm. 
 There's no reason this should run almost two hours.
 Ignore, for a moment, the generic title and the laborious first 20 minutes, and you can appreciate this mostly heartfelt, mostly sincere comedy-drama about trying to outrun your small-town past.
 Enjoyable, deceptively simple story.
 Brooklyn lacks any real conflict. The ingredients are what make it atractive, however, outstanding manufacturing and notable acting work by the it's leads are not enough to save it from Crowley's bland directorial work. [Full review in Spanish]
 Saoirse Ronan creates an unforgettable character. [Full review in Spanish]
 A beautiful story about love and self-discovery, a great production with great direction. [Full review in Spanish]
 It tells one woman's tale beautifully. The rest of her new country's story, however, is left unfinished... and unseen.
 Brooklyn is an excellent film for many reasons. While it may take its title from one small part of the world, it works so well because of the universal nature of its themes.
 Part of the film's charm is the way that Irish director John Crowley manages the mood, without compromising the momentum. His direction is impeccable.
 [Brooklyn] doesn't just look back wistfully at the past, it also transcends the period setting with powerfully timeless questions: Where do I belong? What can I make of my life?
 A subtle drama that work because of Saoirse Ronan's acting work. [Full review in Spanish]
 Sincere, emotional and even touching, but it's far from being a great film. [Full review in Spanish]
 While she's surrounded by a name cast, this is Ronan's film, and while she's made big impressions before (from Atonement to The Grand Budapest Hotel), this is her most assured and moving characterisation yet.
 The immigrant story is one that has been told countless times over, but director John Crowley's moving and funny Brooklyn brings a degree of empathy to this particular tale that is rare. 
 A soft movie when it comes to immigration themes that allows her leading lady to shine. [Full review in Spanish]
 An impeccable, romantic, and realistic film. [Full review in Spanish]
 The film is certainly lovely and well-acted, but the nerve it has obviously hit is not immediately obvious. Perhaps it's the film's very modesty - its lack of pretense, grandeur and histrionics - that accounts for its appeal.
 Everything seems to be in place, without being memorable even once. [Full Review in Spanish]
 "Brooklyn" is a well acted and visually competent drama ... but also an "old school" movie. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A film as understated but radiant and layered as its protagonist, Brooklyn succeeds with a simple storyline whose emotional impact aptly hits home. 
 Brooklyn is a superfluous romantic film that's entertaining but nothing more; its dramatic parts aren't captured with enough intensity to break down the audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
 This is Saoirse Ronan's film. She's given a huge amount to do, and asked to transform before our eyes from a callow, floundering girl into an assured and confident woman. She does so brilliantly, and talk will turn to Oscars.
 It doesn't sound exciting but it is really well done, with a great cast, understated but powerful, it's genuinely affecting, atmospheric, often funny, and very accessible.
 I don't know that McKay should go on being Hollywood's fiduciary moralist, but he's clearly on the side of the angels and of the entertainers.
 [Adam McKay] gets that a lot of celebrities overact to simplify a embroiled story. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Smart and snappy, this comedy is one of the scariest films of the year, using humour to outline the 2008 economic collapse from the inside.
 Wonderfully played (although our heroes are far from noble) and directed with great energy, this is dreadfully enjoyable film.
 There's no doubt that it's the actors' performances that carry the film to the award-nominated heights its been reaching as of late. But despite all the praise for Bale, who does indeed do a stellar job, it's Carell who shines brightest. 
 A pseudo-documentary dressed up like a human interest ensemble when it should have felt more like a supervillain heist movie.
 At the end of the film, I was hardly any the wiser as to the reasons eight million jobs and six million homes were lost in the US, even though the skill of the actors and the film's ambition remain impressive.
 McKay's adaptation of Michael Lewis' book presents the subprime loan crisis as a screwball comedy... But perhaps the only same response to the loathsome skulduggery behind the 2008 financial crash is to laugh at it?
 Adam McKay is passionate about the subject and The Big Short is exciting, passionate filmmaking.
 An immensely entertaining and worthwhile document of America's modern horror story.
 At first, the to-camera segments can be discombobulating, but over two hours, the film coalesces into a brilliantly accessible, scathing account of the financial crisis, and its continuing aftermath.
 It'll make you angry, but in a good way.
 It exposes the vast degree of lies and manipulation of the financial world in a far more entertaining way than any drama would.
 The film tries to take the socialist political stance of exposing the greed of the big American banks, yet it has such a difficult time taking a measured stance towards its leading characters.
 Even if it is funny, as it should be in parts, it also has the capacity for drama and seriousness when dealing with the consequences of the crisis, which makes this a smart piece of work. [Full Review in Spanish]
 In some ways, it's a flashier version of another Lewis adaptation Moneyball, which made another dull topic - baseball statistics - surprisingly interesting. 
 The very best that a satire can hope to achieve.
 The Big Short is the film that we needed at this time.
 It's a disaster movie - where the impending and continuous boom-bust cycle of capitalism is the oncoming disaster.
 Hanks, as a stranger in a strange land, gives us equal portions of laughs and insights into the worlds of both adults and adolescents. Big also offers up a very funny satire of corporate ladder climbing.
 This elegant and perhaps very restrained presentation does just that, presenting the case. Discussing the rest is up to us. [Full review in Spanish]
 'Carol' is a meticulous low-key reward for audiences.
 Focusing on the details that go from set design to excellent performances, Carol is an exquisite film. [Full review in Spanish]
 Brilliant adaptation, revised and refined, from the romantic novel by Patricia Highsmith. One of the best films of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
 'Carol' is a declaration of love to another film era but from a thoroughly modern perspective. [Full review in Spanish]
 Every piece fits perfectly to tell a story about love and passion, but ultimately, it feels like you've already seen this film. [Full review in Spanish]
 'Carol' is the most romantic movie of the year, and through Rooney Mara's performance-and Haynes' careful direction-it might also be the most cathartic.
 It's a delight to scrutinize every inch of Lachman's deep focus compositions and try and take in the abundance of exquisite detail.
 A love story told with looks and subtleties, hand with hand with an extraordinary cinematography work. [Full review in Spanish]
 An elegant, profound, meassured and extraordinary crafted film. Blanchett and Mara are hypnotic. [Full review in Spanish]
 In spite of being Hannes' less ambitious cinematic film, Carol offers the experience of putting you in the shoes of it's characters and feel what they feel. [Full review in Spanish]
 Carol is a n excellent film, full of warmth and romance.
 This is pure cinema, which through its artistry opens a window into the souls of its characters and admittedly opens the closed windows of its viewers as well.
 What Carol captures more specifically than the thrill of a romantic encounter is the act of remembering only to forget.
 Carol is a movie worth watching to understand its main theme without fear of censorship, and most of all, to realize and understand that love is love regardless of genre. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Carol is a truly striking cinematic achievement, artfully exploring themes that resonate still with powerful force today.
 The rhythm is slow but the film is never boring, this is a story worthy of seeing in the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
 As he did with his gloriously realized 2002 domestic drama Far From Heaven, director Todd Haynes once more brings a story of how, in the pursuit of dreams, even happy endings can come with collateral damage.
 The film still makes the viewer swoon, its heady mood of love and longing generated by the briefest of glances and gestures. 
 A perfectly acted, perfectly sculpted, perfectly rounded exploration of love and strife in the not-so-perfect '50s.
 Sometimes, I can almost hear the studio executives talking before a film gets the green light. 
 Delivers precisely what is expected to its fans...The super-high quality of the animation, which places Alvin, Theodore and Simon in the real world, remains a real highlight in these innocuous adventures - it really is an unrecognised art. 
 It's harmless enough, but harmless garbage is still garbage.
 The Road Chip hardly qualifies as great cinema. And really, no adult goes to these films because they want to. But it is a perfectly serviceable accompaniment to a choc top and bag of popcorn.
 Tediously silly, slapstick re-visit with the rollicking rodents...
 A movie that kids would love and adults can watch without getting bored. [Full review in Spanish]
 Even though the film is marketed as a road movie for kids, it barely has any road in it and that's just the least of its flaws. [Full review in Spanish]
 A good movie for kids that adults can also enjoy. [Full review in Spanish]
 Fun time at the movies with lots of color and music, totally forgettable but enjoyable. [Full review in Spanish[
 A sugar-sweet, nutty kind of chip-muck, but cinematic excrement all the same.
 You might want to stick sharpened knitting needles in your ears.
 Instantly forgettable but inoffensive fluff... you know, for kids. And 'inoffensive' is better than can be said for many movies aimed at children.
 The franchise squeaks past with a so-so sequel that barely improves on what came before. Our only hope is that at some point they'll have to hibernate.
 Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip is the fourth, agonising instalment in the franchise that charts the adventures of three enormously-punchable helium-voiced rodents.
 If you're looking for something to amuse the kids on a cold, windy afternoon then Road Chip is bearable enough -- just. But a fifth film would really be a stretch.
 One amusing airport security sketch aside, this series must surely have had its chips.
 Ultimately, fans of the franchise won't be disappointed while the rest of us will be quietly hoping that Homeland Security step in a finish the job.
 The absence of long-standing series stalwart David Cross is a shame (Tony Hale can't quite fill the gap) but Jason Lee is back, making it business as usual.
 The final product quite amiable nonsense.
 Normally dependable comic actors are wasted in roles.
 An engrossing rebuttal to the sense that only Hollywood can do big, kinetic entertainment.
 Writer-director-star Paul Gross spent a lot of time over in Afghanistan as he prepared to make Hyena Road, and the verisimilitude of its combat sequences, both on the ground and back at command centre, is one of the payoffs.
 The film acknowledges political and moral quandaries in Canada's peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan but then applies the most disingenuous tropes from old-school combat films and westerns to gloss over the grey areas.
 The conflict between acting strategically from the comfort of a military base, and acting morally on the ground, plays well in Hyena Road.
 Gross' script realistically depicts the uncertain and frequently shifting alliances that characterized the Afghan conflict's security situation.
 "Hyena Road" has an agreeable modesty to it that almost makes up for what can sometimes be a very pedestrian treatment of contemporary warfare.
 The goal of the movie is truth-telling rather than flag-waving, but it also succeeds as impactful storytelling.
 The war story featuring good people making the best of a bad situation may feel very familiar, but it is a better kind of familiarity that also characterizes Hyena Road.
 Gross' combat scenes are the appropriate kind of chaotic, explosive rushes that tend to feature the soldiers trying to figure what's going on as much as actually fighting.
 The strategy was sound, but the script proves clunky on screen because it's clad in a heavy armor of thought and doesn't leave enough gaps for the subtle nuances and offhand gestures that make characters feel entirely real.
 Canada's own war-on-terror film can't get beyond embedding us among the troops (GoPro-style shots, military code and jargon) to strike at any deep, dark truths about the recent war in Afghanistan.
 It's one of the better films about the Afghan conflicts but it struggles to strike a balance between connecting with real soldiers' experiences and contributing something interesting to the genre.
 While it's not American Sniper, it still seems like a missed opportunity.
 Paul Gross situates the film's events somewhere between violent, militaristic fantasy and gentler, anti-war lament.
 Viewers are graced with a few disappointingly subdued action scenes, two humdrum romantic subplots, and a virtual museum of bad acting.
 The explosions are so wonderfully photographed; if only we actually cared about the characters exploding.
 Gross ... is ultimately unable to satisfy the rules of dramatic engagement.
 "Hyena Road" is a skillfully filmed reminder, if one is needed, about why Afghanistan earned its status as the "graveyard of empires."
 Hyena Road runs two hours long, but its entire narrative could be wedged into a half-hour documentary.
 Gross manages to craft a feature that's horrifying and strangely inviting at the same time, delivering solid characterization to go with all the chaos. 
 An entertaining story with an agile script, easy to understand, full of innocence and lots of warmth, as well as comical situations that will surely make you laugh. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A film that attempts to show us the importance of being kind and noble embodied in Charlie Brown. [Full review in Spanish]
 An ideal movie for this time of year, pleasing fans and also manages to present these beloved characters to a new audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It's mercifully "un-modernised" and pretty faithful to Charles M. Schulz' original comic strip, but it's also rather flat and not especially funny. And there's too much padding; it could just as well have been a short rather than feature-length.
 The Peanuts Movie is both modern and traditional, pleasing on all fronts, which must have been hard to achieve.
 Kids will be able to follow the simple storyline and will enjoy the misadventures of the good-natured, well-intentioned Charlie Brown. 
 Snoopy, Charlie Brown and friends finally arrive on the big screen in a movie that sticks close to the gently comical tone of the comic strip that launched in 1950 and the vintage TV shows from the 1960s and 1970s.
 Can be a bit frantic and antic; the ending's more schmaltzy than Schulzy. But the sad-sack, what's-the-point-of-it-all? adult humour sneaks in. Pretty much the least disappointing feature-film adaptation America's most famous comic-strip could get. 
 Anyone who possesses even a passing familiarity with Charlie Brown and the gang from Peanuts should find some appreciable measure of delight with this super-faithful feature film adaptation...a perfectly fine, perfectly safe big-screen translation. 
 An uplifting kids film without any of the cinisism found in most movies nowadays. [Full review in Spanish]
 What other films for children teach in an hour - about life, the universe and everything - Schulz could teach in a line, and this film reflects that. It's undeniably about decency, goodness, and love. And Snoopy.
 Emotional and lots of fun, a great blast from the past and a new discovery for kids today. [Full review in Spanish]
 A charming film, made especially for those who grew up in the comics. [Full review in Spanish]
 A film that works better as an homage rather than recreate the greatness of the original cartoon. [Full review in Spanish]
 If you are looking for an agreeable and entertaining school holidays film for younger children, this is it. Fans of the comic strip should get a kick out of it, too.
 It's a sincere film for children, squarely in the tradition of the sweet, simply drawn Peanuts cartoons from the 1960s.
 The Peanuts Movie manages to maintain the soul of the comic strip even as it upgrades the visuals.
 A flawless, noble and tender family film. [Full Review in Spanish]
 True to the essence of its characters, and animated in a more tridimensional way, Peanuts is funny and has a great message for every age group, and despite not having the most original plot, it will satisfy long-time fans. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The movie knows where it lives: as a precious piece of nostalgia in the minds of grown-ups who cuddled up to Snoopy as kids.
 This is dreary stuff.
 A flat sea shanty.
 A host of pictorially arresting, even painterly images can't make a satisfying whole out of In the Heart of the Sea, Ron Howard's film that doesn't dig very deep, its penetrating title notwitstanding.
 Howard's film is predictable, yet that's not to say it's not enjoyable. If you can get past Hemsworth's mish-mash of an accent (part New England local, part booming Thunder God), there are plenty of impressive turns to be seen.
 The film delves into issues that discards little too fast or invents too late. [Full review in Spanish]
 In the Heart of the Sea is a technical marvel, demonstrating that Howard is still a master of making movies look and sound stunning. Unfortunately, the screenplay was lost at sea.
 It has the basis of the whole tradition of sea adventure films. [Full review in Spanish]
 The story of the ship at the mercy of the great white whale, told with amazing special effects, grandiloquence, and some common places. [Full review in Spanish]
 Unfortunately, the film's script... is far too creaky to make the most of the men's run-ins, while the all too obviously fake computer-generated effects suck the tension out of the showdowns between ship and beast.
 You'll be better off re-reading Moby-Dick than watching this soggy adaptation of the source material
 In The Heart of Sea show us the mastery of narrative Ron Howard has achieved through the real story that inspired Moby Dick. [Full review in Spanish]
 ... a clumsy behemoth, inspiring a kind of dull awe at all the resources mounted for its realization.
 The images here lash and last; the story creaks and groans. Anthony Dod Mantle's cinematography is brilliant; it's as if we're looking back at this past through a water-sloshed spyglass, darkly. The simpler story's too rote and modern, though.
 Visually the film is great, but the premise is forgettable and doesn't offer much. [Full review in Spanish]
 The whale moments are great, but outside of them, the film uses too much unnecessary CGI, which takes away a lot of the film's more real moments.
 Lacks in base thrills, devoid of human drama, and frustratingly crafted to wash away any inherent interest that might somehow have slipped through unmolested.
 The screenplay goes around in circles without creating an enriching experience, the characters have no arc, and what few moments could have been dramatic end up boring and full of cliches. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Ron Howard's In the Heart of the Sea is a beautifully-made film that features stunning visual effects, but it's ultimately let down by a bland screenplay that's unable to bring out the exciting and epic nature of the story.
 There's hardly a genuine moment, and a framing device only adds another layer of dramatization to something that already plays like a big-budget History Channel re-enactment.
 The film's most affecting scenes (are of) Herman Melville interviewing a survivor of the wreck.They sit in a small living room, huddled as close as the survivors in a lifeboat - and as bound by the story of the Essex as was its ill-fated crew.
 You say "goes completely off the rails" like it's a bad thing.
 A riff on the Hollywood conventions of a story we know very well already, with little new to say. James McAvoy's mad scientist is fun to watch, though.
 Unfortunately, - just like the monster in question - the latest offering from director Paul McGuigan (Lucky Number Slevin) is a bit of a lumbering mess.
 This is not your dad's "Frankenstein," more is the pity, and time would be better spent watching the marvelous 1931 original.
 Like the spark of life itself, it's hard to identify the elusive missing ingredient that prevents this ragbag of potentially likable body parts ever earning the accolade "It's alive!"
 It is a strange mix of intentional and unintentional laughs.
 The film repeatedly loses its charge, falling back on dull, franchise world-building for sequels that will probably never be made. What a shame.
 This new version adds little to nothing to the story we already know and have seen so many times. [Full review in Spanish]
 Victor Frankenstein lumbers and lurches rather like the monstrosity that the title character jolts to life with a bolt of lightning from the heavens.
 Old Meat.
 Add the film to the disturbingly long list of dreadful adaptations of a source that deserves better.
 The only time the movie comes to life (so to speak) is during its climax, when Victor succeeds in bringing his creation to life and must deal with the subsequent rampage... After slogging through 100 minutes of tedium to get there, it's hard to care.
 The screenplay for this movie is tedious, boring and hard to believe. [Full review in Spanish]
 Victor Frankenstein is a spectacular movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 Unfortunately, the end result has neither the subtlety of Sherlock nor the intellectual rigor of Mary Shelley's novel - it's a hammy, clunky misfire which largely squanders a strong core concept.
 In spite of being a great production wih a great cast, the movie falls appart due to a bad script. [Full review in Spanish]
 It has so many illogical elements that it becomes an involuntary comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
 Any time you watch a "reimagining" of a story in the public domain, you do so at your own peril.
 [This] schizophrenic lump of stitched-together cinematic remains hardly deserves the moniker 'alive.' 
 What slightly elevates the movie (but doesn't quite redeem due to its almost 2 hour leght) are its costumes and overall production design. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Tyler Labine carries a lot of the film against his straight man Crawford, like the grizzled spawn of Seth Rogen and Jack Black -- a jovial head in parkas and earflap toques.
 In Mountain Men, Labine and his cast achieve a hard-to-strike balance of comedy and heart-felt drama while maintaining a subtleness that respects your adult attention span.
 The script has plenty of salty language and dialogue that rings authentic. The story is well-constructed with a conclusion that will leave you smiling. And the scenery in and around Revelstoke, B.C. is awesome.
 Mountain Men delivers big heart, some big laughs and authentic character development observed through sharp, but always natural, dialogue.
 Fleet and likeable.
 Though Topher forges ahead bravely, it's all too clear that he's headed toward an underwhelming conclusion.
 Writer/director Cameron Labine finds a trail that feels reasonably fresh, due in no small measure to the warm comedic talent of co-star Tyler Labine.
 There are three good laughs in "Mountain Men" and two modestly dramatic sections. That averages out to a decent moment every 18 minutes.
 While some of the interpersonal revelations and inner character struggle feel decidedly familiar, treading the waters of the male coming-of-age tale, the setting is novel and the added dramatics of their adventure freshen the story.
 A refreshingly heartfelt, warm and tender film.
 ... hints at an intriguing character study, yet despite some solid performances, the script derails its momentum with generic and predictable third-act twists.
 Richard Gere gives an annoying performance in 'The Benefactor' -- and it works! 
 An unconvincing melodrama indicting money's power to manipulate as the root of all evil.
 As a memorable work of cinema, it misses every important mark by a mile.
 A run-of-the-mill story of a junkie.
 If the conclusion is a little too sunny, that's a small flaw in an otherwise compelling film about the hazards of trying to buy emotional connection.
 "A compelling portrait of a man on the verge.... Suffers from a sense of rigidity that somehow both fits its themes and stymies a greater sense of realism."
 Despite great cast, melodrama has little to say; drug use.
 Has Richard Gere been hitting the bong?
 There's a richness to the cinematography that, along with the central performance, hearkens back to a character study from a few decades prior.
 The Benefactor is both a bad film and a thoroughly inexplicable one.
 Gere is committed but his character becomes increasingly annoying, with a one-note tortured past, and the script leaves him and his underwritten co-stars stranded with a pat ending.
 The Benefactor is a character portrait in search of a movie.
 Renzi provides a platform for Gere to act in barnstorming fashion but can't work out what to do with any of the other characters. They tend just to stand embarrassed on the sidelines as Gere holds forth and steals every scene in which he appears.
 The price of Gere's good looks is his acting skills don't quite match them.
 Fanning (criminally underused) and James have so little meat to their roles, they end up as ciphers while Gere has a ball as a drug-addicted tycoon on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
 The Benefactor loses whatever anarchic spark it may have had, leaving us with an increasingly empty symphony of its star's repertoire of heavy breathing, blinking and out-of-context laughing.
 Gere is very good as the larger-than-life Franny but the film is too slight to do his performance justice.
 Gere is watchable but constrained by a rushed screenplay that never gives us a proper handle on the man. The potentially intriguing character dynamics fail to splutter into life.
 Presented in a rather unique way, without feeling contrived when doing so.
 After this production, every high school in America is going to want to take a shot at staging this. Grease is the word.
 The ambitious $16 million production of the Rydell High School musical was as impressive as it was fun.
 The three-hour production (almost a third of it, seemingly, commercials) was filled with marvelous moments like this: theatrical reveals, cinematic dissolves, television tempos.
 The show wasn't perfect, but it was great fun with touches of film nostalgia and musical theater earnestness.
 Regardless of its flaws, Grease is a reason to look forward to the next round of live musicals on TV.
 This... was a show that was more about individual moments than about building a story. 
 It had all the infectiousness and emoji-big smiles you need from three hours of live musical entertainment. 
 Thanks to exceptional work from director Thomas Kail and several sterling supporting performances, much of Grease Live! was as sweet and tasty as a root beer float.
 An ambitious, exuberant and eye-boggling adaptation of Grease.
 With this hectic, ambitious and hormonal Grease, Fox proved it could up the ante in the new mini-industry of musicals on TV.
 Fox raised the bar on TV musicals Sunday night with its ambitious, wildly energetic and mostly entertaining Grease: Live.
 It was a seamless, vibrant, energizing hit.
 Despite its innovative direction and talented cast, Grease: Live fell victim to its bland source material - and equally bland leads - leaving it unable to truly top other iterations of the modern TV musical. 
 The show successfully managed to combine all the nostalgic elements of Grease that everyone expected while creating a new experience.
 Grease: Live opted for a more cinematic approach, connecting the dots between the live-to-tape soap operas of the 1940s and the "live music videos" you see at contemporary MTV awards shows.
 Even within the constrains of a live, televised event-which, let's be clear, Fox DOES know how to blow out, when it wants to-I couldn't help think that Grease: Live was just a dud.
 High school itself is the nineteen-fifties of our imagination, always easier in our memories than it was in reality. With Grease, we can pretend we still want to go back.
 If Grease Live had more moments to work with like "There Are Worse Things I Could Do," it might have been truly special - but there was only so much it could do when the musical itself didn't have anything else to give.
 If you hate musicals and hate Grease, Grease Live! sure wasn't going to change your mind all of the sudden. But for the multi-generational fanbase who admire this show, there was plenty to love about Grease Live!
 Thrilling live musical is fun, has iffy messages galore.
 Griffin relishes working in this lurid, sanguinary Italian style, and his enthusiasm is contagious.
 Funny animated sequel has cartoon jeopardy, potty humor.
 Working in a surreally inflected vrit style - with few title cards or identifications other than what is spoken on screen - Mr. Sauper also has a knack for catching his subjects in unguarded moments.
 "We Come as Friends" is a travelogue through hell, one that we've come to know far too well wherever it is on the globe. 
 A deliberately vague portrait of Sudan as a country beset by self-interested neocolonialist outsiders.
 A a collection of stolen sights, often dripping in gallows humor, that builds to a subjective portrayal of a true, dense rot.
 Sees Sudan as the epicenter of neocolonial competition between the US and China, and can already see it's about to lead to more war. . .in his pointed political travelogue.
 A riveting documentary that will bring your blood to a boil when you see how Africans are being exploited once again.
 Prepare to be emotionally engrossed and enraged by this alarming and searing expos on neocolonialism in South Sudan.
 "We Come as Friends" has been beautifully filmed, with Sauper's God's-eye views of his plane's wing and the African landscape below resembling something Saint-Exupry might have conjured.
 We Come as Friends aims a cinma vrit lens on a place where many promises are made, but few are kept.
 Hubert Sauper goes where other people don't go, sees what the crowd doesn't see and creates unsettling, provocative political documentaries that are unlike anyone else's.
 The ongoing tragedy in Africa is too nefarious, too complicated, for any one film to do it justice, but We Come as Friends opens a wide window into this mansion of horrors.
 The filmmaker uses his little plane to give us a bird's eye view of a country struggling with keeping its independence against the odds.
 This beautifully shot documentary is an in depth examination of Sudan from myriad points of view.
 We Come As Friends, Hubert Sauper's teeming, Breughel-and-Bosch-pursuing documentary portrait of chaos after colonialism in battle-torn South Sudan is more eye-widening, surreal, sorrowful and anarchic than his earlier Darwin's Nightmare.
 In case you thought that bad people weren't still doing bad things in Africa, Hubert Sauper's disturbing documentary We Come as Friends will disabuse you of that notion tout de suite. 
 The action always feels as if it's unfolding in present tense, the avant-garde score and disorienting extreme close-ups conveying a sense of nervous, spontaneous energy.
 A fascination with serendipity, irony, and absurdity like that in Werner Herzog's documentaries propels "Friends" into unexpected territory.
 Light on its feet yet dead-serious in tone, this excellent doc alternates micro to macro, ground to air.
 Deeply unsettling and saddening, a brief glimpse of a tanned George Clooney only solidifying the tragedy. This is a pretty powerful work of non-fiction.
 Sauper and his two-man crew fly over a land that's becoming as alien to its indigenous population as it was (and still is) to those who fancy exploiting it.
 There's a lot to like on a conceptual level, but the execution is one-note and monotonous.
 Few would argue how powerful and effective this last adaptation turned out to be. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Too bad it also transmits a certain narrative tiredness because it follows too closely the original play. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Kurzel has put together an adaptation worthy of 'The Scottish Play', but less powerful than the sum of its parts suggests. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Fassbender and Cotillard deliver mesmerising lead performances which are both compelling and realistic.
 Blunt, dreamy and visceral new adaptation of the immortal work of William Shakespeare, technically very lucid and brilliantly defended by Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard. [Full review in Spanish]
 It capture the spirit and the poetic greatness with remarkable eloquence. [Full revies in Spanish]
 This film is heavy into style and it was a style that will have selective appeal. But the story is strong enough to hold the audience captive with what is, as comes as no surprise, a good
 Fassbender and company do justice to the Bard's 'Double, Double Toil and Trouble' classic .
 This is a powerful, well acted and directed (Justin Kurzel) adaptation, which gives unusual depth to the character of Lady Macbeth. It gives additional force to the play's message about the evil and corruption which can result from great ambition.
 Striking visuals guide the way more breathlessly than any footnote could.
 Not all of your favorite scenes may be here, but the ones that are, will satisfy.
 Bold, insightful and bracingly cinematic.
 The two-hour film is full of synthesized sound and fury, and what it signifies is not worth watching.
 A worthy 'Macbeth' refresher course, highlighted by Michael Fassbender's feverish Macbeth and Marion Cotillard's simmering Lady Macbeth. 
 'Macbeth' lives valiantly and dies soddenly by its decision to substitute so much of the Bard's poetry with beautiful but empty visuals.
 Perhaps the fiercest cinematic translation of Shakespeare to date.
 The present edition, in spite of an impressive cast, is a blood bath that is more violent than any before, but to no avail. 
 Live by the sword, die by the sword, as the old saying goes, and what a fantastic homage this is to one of history's best dramaturges. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Michael Fassbender's grave Macbeth is immaculate from the start; he is forged on the battlefield and never seems to leave it.
 A bleak, daring drama from Ukraine.
 If there's one place where love has no place, it's here.
 All of it makes for a unique cinematic experience, an ambitious work that relies on its audience taking a leap of faith. Those that do will be rewarded.
 There is nothing else like The Tribe, at once a searing, singular vision of a particular time and place and a brutal metaphor for the wounded human condition.
 The lack of spoken words or score also heightens the natural sound to a magnified impact in a film that's hardly lacking impact. 
 An intriguing, unique story done a disservice by some frustrating directorial choices. Leaving it untranslated means we only get the broad strokes where I want details. 
 Despite the...longueurs 'The Tribe' is certainly a dark and powerful portrait of the grim goings-on at a school where violence plays a far greater role than education, told in a fashion that can't help but fascinate.
 It must overcome its gimmick, or become a footnote. Slaboshpitsky succeeds by using a language that crosses all social and cultural barriers: violence. Also, sex.
 This is a challenging film that's not for everyone. Yet there's no denying its brilliant concept and its raw cinematic power.
 The Tribe is constantly riveting, and even if there is one other movie without spoken dialogue this year, Shaun the Sheep Movie, you still won't see anything else like it. 
 What sets The Tribe from any other youth crime film is the way it's told, challenging the viewer every step of the way. [Full review in Spanish]
 The end result is like nothing else out there and while the violence that accompanies the characters' fates requires a strong stomach, this is a compelling experiment in pure cinema that's worth experiencing.
 The Tribe revels in the distance it leaves between its audience and its characters, but in placing viewers on the outside, it also creates an experience that's almost perversely empathetic.
 It's a movie Samuel Beckett would have loved, exploding with language but existentially acknowledging both how little is communicated and how much humanity we share regardless.
 The Tribe shows that you don't need dialogue to communicate.
 While The Tribe often makes for troubling, confrontational viewing, it is ferociously engaging. Stripped of dialogue, this is cinema of high-wire purity: muscular, precise, emotionally complex -- and surprisingly easy to follow.
 The movie features no music, and no words, yet some moments are so powerful and visceral that I still caught myself covering my ears.
 Whether [Slaboshpytskiy] can achieve anything so innovative after The Tribe may be an open question, but on the basis of this debut his ability to handle powerful drama looks extremely assured, even when it's excruciating to watch.
 Easily the most intense movie experience of the the year, The Tribe is an unsettling examination of how the oppressed can become the oppressor.
 This is pure cinema where words are not necessary; the actions of the characters speak for themselves. And they speak oh so loudly... there is no way for the audience to cover their ears.
 Thanks to witty writing and excellent performances, Break Point turns out to be one of the funniest sports comedies that we've seen in years.
 Jeremy Sisto and David Walton are well matched in this breezy, likable tennis comedy.
 A mostly laugh-free, paint-by-numbers approach to a pair of former pros vying for relevance as they enter, kicking and screaming, into their mid 30s.
 Easygoing and always likeable but hardly packed with laughs.
 The script plays like a random automatic serving machine. Ideas bounce all over the place, only to be quickly followed by more.
 Karas doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel as he puts this odd couple through the paces of getting in shape and reconciling old wounds, but he's helped by some laugh-out-loud quirk ...
 "Break Point" has its difficulties with storytelling and tone, but it carries most of the way, finding a rich sense of humor on and off the court.
 It's the kind of amiable but predictable trifle that nobody ever seeks out, but that will mildly amuse everyone who happens to stumble onto it when it hits cable and the streaming services.
 There's just too much dja vu at play on this court.
 Always nice to enjoy a little comfort-food movie in which almost nothing surprising or particularly fresh happens, but we're happy to spend time with the characters and we wish them the best as the credits roll.
 The affable, shaggy-dog tennis comedy Break Point is bristly and charming, just like its star and producer, Jeremy Sisto, who plays the affable shaggy-dog Jimmy Price, a washed-up semi-pro tennis player.
 It's a mild-mannered film, strange considering the ferocious nature of tennis itself, the sport that supposedly holds "Break Point" together.
 Quietly moving comedy about tennis, brotherhood; language.
 "Break Point" looks good, and it has a big serve, but it's hard to love wholeheartedly.
 Break Point may not be a great film, but it certainly has a lot of heart. This is a sweet flick.
 As far as tennis comedies go, this one sits somewhere between WIMBLEDON and BALLS OUT. Make of that what you will.
 Break Point is light and bouncy, not unlike a tennis ball being lobbed back and forth. You always know where it's going, yet there's a distinct pleasure in the fast-paced way it gets there. 
 Break Point has its moments. It's passable, light entertainment, but ultimately comes up short when reaching for deeper comedic or dramatic flair.
 Even if you manage to disentangle the many twists relatively early on, there is still pleasure to be had here in witnessing how Pastoll's bilingual screenplay allows crucial giveaways to get lost in translation. 
 Interesting yet over-long, melodramatic and fatally predictable, Road Games is a backwoods horror film with a sheen of class, respectability and Barbara Crampton. These things go some way to save the day.
 Writer-director Abner Pastoll delivers an accomplished, tense and unpredictable thriller that makes the most of a strong cast.
 Nothing is quite what is seems on this psycho road trip, and crazy revelations are eventually spilled.
 It's reasonably entertaining if not a tad by the numbers.
 Stripped-down thriller benefits from its setting.
 Fueled by strong performances and some genuinely riveting twists and turns, it's a solid genre film that delivers the goods in a largely fresh way.
 [A] well-acted but formulaic thriller.
 The cast doesn't quite succeed in keeping the suspense fresh throughout the story's left turns.
 Yes, you can enjoy Road Games even if you aren't a gorehound. I wish I could recommend Road Games beyond that though, since all roads lead to a twist ending that you can kinda-sorta make out from a mile off.
 Road Games is far too slight and simple for a premise that starts with a twisted promise. It's more a board game than a chess match.
 A twisty little ride through the French countryside where everyone is suspect of playing hide the cheese knife.
 Though the inspiration here is clearly Hitchcockian, the movie's vibe is so tongue-in-cheek as to be weightless.
 Despite that late inning stumble, Road Games still provides enough suspense, thrills and dark humor to leave genre buffs more than satisfied.
 Rather like watching a car wreck on the opposite side of a motorway.
 For all the amusingly fatuous remarks heard here -- and Miss Spheeris has a great ear for these -- the overriding dimness of most of the fans and musicians is frightening.
 This is a well-made, observant documentary, with attitude to spare and plenty of justifiable laughs at the expense of its subjects.
 There's so little respect for the music that we never see or hear a number from beginning to end, and we rarely hear any of the musicians speak more than a few seconds at a time.
 Fascinating.
 ...benefits substantially from the periodic inclusion of electrifying moments...
 [Tommy] Oliver hits all the familiar notes in unfamiliar ways, focusing on the impact of violence and exploitation.
 1982 is a ham-fisted morality tale about love, marriage and the fallout of the '80s crack epidemic as though told by someone whose intel on all three came primarily from pulp sources.
 The film feels coolly detached because the story and characters are underdeveloped.
 Suitably low-key but sometimes under-realized, this drama is fueled by its working-class milieu and a heart-wrenching performance by Hill Harper.
 Meandering and inconsequential.
 Sorrentino wants to say something profound about illnesses that bury loved ones alive. But the pompous lines kill the mood.
 Caine and Keitel are great together and Sorrentino delivers some typically gasp-inducing visual flourishes. But it's also unmistakably indulgent and, save for a few scenes, doesn't quite deliver the insightful meditation on ageing it promises.
 Youth largely consists of a bunch of people rambling around a resort doing nothing. But I can't think of a better bunch of people to ramble around and do nothing with.
 Youth is as psychologically savvy as it is beautiful.
 Sorrentino's Youth is sublime.
 It manages to be both pithy and pretentious.
 Paolo Sorrentino's script and direction are indulgent and extravagant, his words and pictures thoughtfully considered for comedy, character and quiet provocation.
 Caine is terrific -- inscrutable and distant, but evidently there are depths behind his oversized horn-rimmed glasses.
 While Youth may not be his worst film, it is his most pretentious and bombastic.
 Does Sorrentino attempt to tackle too much in this film? Possibly, though I would rather see a director experimenting with too many ideas than scraping the barrel with too few. Youth is a rich and rewarding experience.
 Absurd but at the same time profound, this is a rare movie find. I have seen it twice and plan to see it again.
 Overwrought nine-tenth-life crisis drama; not even a great cast can create sympathy for the artistic and existential turning points on arty display.
 Youth might not be the most bedazzling of Sorrentino's films -- then again, how could one ever outdo The Great Beauty? But it is indeed the director's most compassionate and affecting film to date.
 This new attempt by Italian director Sorrentino gets lost in translation. [Full review in Spanish]
 Sorrentino's lush cinematography captures the decadent beauty of wealth at the Swiss Alps resort, but also the claustrophobic, disconnected quality of spaces occupied by the hyper-privileged.
 How the hell did Paolo Sorrentino's latest not dominate awards season? Spotlight and The Big Short are timely films. Youth is timeless. 
 Sorrentino's work isn't to everyone's taste, his films can be a bit langorous and obtuse, so it depends on whether you find the pay-off worth it. If you do, this is excellent.
 A decidedly mixed bag of a film, varying wildly in quality on almost a scene-by-scene basis.
 Artfully dreamlike and boasting towering performances by three legendary actors, Youth is a mesmerizing meditation on age, beauty and friendship
 Despite the surface sheen, and some enterprising plot twists, it doesn't entirely convince.
 This British sci-fi punches well above its budget visually, it's a shame the drama can't match it.
 This doesn't come together, but Trefgarne has clearly got talent.
 There's simply too much going on to establish characters. More upsettingly - being that this is a sci-fi film - it's impossible to tell what the cool parts are supposed to be.
 It's obvious a lot of care, time and creative passion went into it. It's a relatively low budget project that does a great job pretending it's not. But behind the aesthetics, there isn't much else.
 A strong, if not genre-changing, feature debut for actor-turned-writer/director Justin Trefgarne.
 "Narcopolis" starts off intriguingly and ends solidly. It's everything else in between that isn't particularly compelling.
 even if it doesn't ever rise to legendary status itself, Legend is a fitting portrait of the twin gangsters who, while they had their moment in the '60s, have already begun to fade from view
 What could have been a blazing entry into the pantheon of great British mob dramas is instead a dish of stale pudding.
 It's a movie that clearly states its goals but that doesn't accomplish them.
 As Reggie's emotionally fragile wife, Emily Browning is an oasis of sympathy amid the squalor, the only person in the movie we really give a damn about.
 Hardy is an ensemble all by himself.
 Tom Hardy impresses mightily as he"splits up with himself." Yet even with his skills, Legend often misses the mark.
 While "Legend" definitely has its drawbacks, you basically overlook or ignore them because of Hardy. His characterizations are superb, showing the contradictions and nuances of brotherly sociopaths who are laws unto themselves.
 A stupendous exercise of the criminal tale, of period reconstruction, of giving new life to a whole tradition. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Hardy is [Legend's] saving grace, valiantly dual acting in the roles of the very different twin brothers.
 Hardy and Emily Browning give excellent performances in this film, co-written and directed by Brian Helgeland ('42'). The story is compelling and the characters are interesting. It is a solid historical drama.
 Tom Hardy's double performance is worth the admission price. [Full review in Spanish]
 An average movie with an amazing performance by Tom Hardy. [Full review in Spanish]
 Even though the efforts to make the twins likeable and endearing characters are there, we can't really empathize with them and the film feels just like another glorification of violence for violence sake. [Full review in Spanish]
 A dynamic tale where Tom Hardy's acting chops become the center of attention. [Full review in Spanish]
 What stands out are the good performances that possibly just would like to fans of the gangster movies. [Full review in Spanish]
 Stretches a little too long, but it's a pretty good gangster film. [Full review in Spanish]
 Tom Hardy's excellent performance is sadly not enough to pick up the work of director Brian Helgeland, who is better suited writing great stories behind cameras. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The perfect setting and the outstanding work of Tom Hardy are the reasons to see the film. [Full review in Spanish]
 Tom Hardy sustain the film playing the notorious Kray twins. [Full review in Spanish]
 Legend is entertaining, has good rhythm and makes good use of period music. The problem is that it could have been so much more, considering the material it was based on. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It's hard to imagine a world where Eddie Redmayne won't nab the Best Actor gong for the second year running.
 Eddie Redmayne's performance as Einar Wegener, 'The Danish Girl,' is revealing, heartbreaking and believable.
 Fresh-faced British actor Eddie Redmayne here provides another sterling example of just how deeply he can immerse himself into a role.
 The film's story is unique and brave and the two commanding performances give it a gripping emotional weight that is very affecting.
 That we never really glean who "the Danish girl" is is quite fitting since the filmmakers also haven't the slightest idea who their characters really are.
 The acting is what makes this film.
 Numbing translation to film of a vital drama about the first transexual in history. [Full Review in Spanish]
 I wish the filmmakers had dwelled in the strange nature of Gerda and Lili's sexuality as they came to understand it together. Instead, it devolves into something a lot more sentimental and easy.
 Vikander delves beneath the surface to explore a truly fascinating woman. And Redmayne is simply wonderful, totally convincing both as Einar and as the "Danish girl" of the film's title.
 Helped considerably by Vikander's strong playing and a lovely turn by Belgian actor Matthias Schoenaerts (late of the remake of Far From The Madding Crowd) as Einar's old friend Hans Axgil, this nevertheless hangs upon Redmayne.
 It's a subject that isn't often explored in mainstream cinema and so hopefully this film makes, at the very least, a small difference.
 The Danish Girl is a tale that, however delicate, humane and elegant, is also excessively hackeneyed and ends up boring an audience that looks for more. [Full Review in Spanish]
 [An] earnestly told, splendidly visualized film that could please the masses but will likely electrify few.
 It's commendable that Hooper (The King's Speech) has brought Einar Wegener to a multiplex near you... But this restrained, elegant drama seems at odds with its pioneering subject.
 Tom Hooper still doesn't show any sign of evolution as a director. [Full review in Portuguese.]
 Both Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander shine on their own, but their interaction and relationship on screen is the real enjoyment for the audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Loved The Danish Girl. I hated Lili...
 Because of the simplicity with which The Danish Girl treats such a controversial subject matter, the movie feels like a wasted opportunity to portray a character the deserves admiration for their courage. [Full Review in Spanish]
 "The Danish Girl" fails to give its full potential, but it is good enough to recommend it with confidence. [Full review in Spanish] 
 Vikander is excellent, Redmayne is tremendous and Hooper does a great job harnessing the performers to get to the emotional truth of the story.
 A memory lane roach motel melancholy lapse into Greed Decade doom not unlike now, as this bad boy veers in a slowly simmering, psychologically dense portrait, between victim and villain. While toying with audience senses, and his chosen targets as well.
 A 9-year-old sociopath stubbornly fails to become scary in this stillborn thriller.
 By the time the film goes out in a blazing inferno of hell-raising loneliness and tops itself off with the best final line-to-credit song combo since Killer Joe, The Boy has reached a point of stupid fun.
 The scariest aspect of "The Boy" is the extent to which Macneill makes it possible to sympathize with the troubled protagonist -- even as its haunting final shot hints at the horrors yet to come.
 The Boy's most disturbing facet is the possibilities it imagines.
 The director tries to generate a pace that his dramatic efforts fail to match.
 While it's admirable that director Macneill and his co-scripter Clay McLeod Chapman opted to emphasize mood and psychology over the story's more exploitable elements, it nonetheless results in a listless tedium.
 While the score goes out of its way to make his every action feel sinister, the picture doesn't fulfill its horrific potential until the third act.
 Craig William Macneill's film is a sporadically frightening slow burn with a fatally overlong fuse.
 The film feels overly long, and while lingering shots of the mountain scenery do help convey the isolation of the deserted motel, too many of them feel repetitive.
 Mr. Macneill and his co-screenwriter, Clay McLeod Chapman, have developed a feature stunning to behold if somewhat unpersuasive in narrative.
 Chapman and Macneill have a truly chilling character whose evolution will be both fascinating and frightening to watch unfold.
 The Boy is a very slow burn, one that successfully works to the narrative at hand, but isn't particularly enjoyable to watch.
 The Boy is a title that makes this movie sound innocuous. A more fitting header would be Portrait of the Serial Killer as a Young Boy.
 Not since Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer has a movie gotten inside the head of a killer with such cold-blooded artistry.
 It makes no bones about the fact that there is something critically broken in Ted. The question for the audience is whether it is nature, nurture, or a mixture of both.
 It succeeds in conveying the dark edge of an effective thriller, but it lacks the human sentiment -- the poignancy, the devastation -- that would've made it soar above less heady genre fare.
 An austere and chilling portrait of America's abandoned margins, The Boy is a slow-burner that builds and builds to its climactic conflagration, and offers a dark, disturbing flipside to Richard Linklater's Boyhood (2014).
 In the march to the end, "Miss You Already" grinds its gears through the late stages of cancer, following a predictable and cliche path. Each scene is a yank on the heartstrings, a poke in the tear ducts, its intents and machinations plainly obvious. 
 A whimsical dramedy that induces the same feeling as eating a cup of Pinkberry or sharing a bottle of chardonnay with a friend and watching E!
 Miss You Already possesses a chemistry that's worthy enough for those in the mood for a downish-note friendship drama, but it's an experience I'll probably never subject myself to again - a strange sign of approval, but approval nonetheless.
 It winningly reflects how to utilize quiet understandings and, yes, very loud laughter. 
 Despite the earnest approach from its two stars (who also serve, with Christopher Smith, as producers), there isn't anything fresh in the story.
 The script from first-time feature writer Morwenna Banks lacks grit and complexity, attributes Hardwicke also disappointingly eschews in playing it safe with trite scenes.
 This heartfelt tribute to female bonding is steered in predictable directions, more eager to jerk tears than explore new ground.
 Is this really an honest portrait of a beautiful and intense friendship between women? What's intense about it, or beautiful, or honest?
 There's a jagged energy and a rawness to it. Miss You Already jerks its tears honestly.
 [The] script has the excruciating familiarity and predictability of a gal-pal tearjerker we've seen a hundred times already; all that's missing is to have Barrymore burst into a chorus of "Wind Beneath My Wings."
 ...The movie has the tone of a live-action Cosmopolitan magazine, pushing the viewer to make judgments about people and behaviours, urging you to invest in the drama from an ego point of view first.
 There's a tough-minded drama struggling to break through the movie's glossy veneer-a contemplation of the black hole of death that, sooner or later, becomes the center of life.
 A jarringly jolly weeper whose save it from the saccharine. 
 [Collette and Barrymore] capture the bond between two women who love each other unconditionally, for better or worse.
 It's a proposal about feelings and finds its audience in every person who want to be moved, have a good time, and even reflect a little. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Screenwriter Banks redeems herself with a well-judged final act that tugs our heartstrings without feeling like we're being shamelessly manipulated into reaching for another tissue.
 It's the gallows humour delivered with warmth by Collette, Drew Barrymore, Dominic Cooper and Paddy Considine that prevents this becoming unbearably maudlin.
 An intelligent script that mixes drama and comedy in a subtle way, making this a visual and emotional delight. [Full review in Spanish]
 A film that doesn't have a perfect story but achieves its goal of showing real life in a moving way without being preachy. [Full review in Spanish]
 Miss You Already recontextualizes beats of the cancer movie sub-genre into a story about the bulletproof power of female friendship.
 A fascinating portrait of a man some would call driven, and others may call psychotic.
 Fighting bulls. It's a tough job, but does someone *really* have to do it??
 This documentary captures what may be the last of Antonio Barrera's bullfighting days at a time when the sport itself seems about to fade into history.
 It's rather hard to feel wholly sympathetic towards the quixotic bullfighter who at one point declares, "I've never had a relationship, even with a woman, as intimate as the one I have with a bull."
 Fascinating and oddly inspiring, Gored is too focused on Barrera the myth to ever really focus on Barrera the man.
 Trivedi and Naqvi put together this multi-tentacled story using a daunting variety of footage, news reports and archival film mixed with interviews. It paints an extremely grim picture.
 You can't help but be impressed (if aghast) at the lengths some matadors will go to please an audience.
 even at a mere 80 minutes, this feature feels padded and overlong - and the ingenious way that the writer/director contrives to stage events before Emma's various devices also sadly palls through repetition. In short, needs more slashing.
 Sucker is likable, geeky and gently funny rather than hilarious.
 Spall is the film's greatest asset but Luc's performance is a more harmonious fit tonally. Like the film, he is pleasant, unprepossessing and nothing to write home about.
 Sucker errs by not spending enough screen-time devising and carrying off creative cons; instead, it invests too much in sub-stories that are never fleshed out, nor as engrossing as the cons these promising characters could have pulled off.
 Undemanding and ultimately irritating but gentle con-man comedy from Australia.
 Whereas "Lost in Thailand" felt like a homage to Stephen Chow's brand of slapstick, "Lost in Hong Kong" looks to be an all-encompassing love letter to Hong Kong filmmaking.
 Perhaps because it tries too hard to be too many things, the movie loses its punch.
 Sappy crowd pleasing Hong Kong comedy.
 Sturdy, well-acted, but a mostly dull and unsurprising "You can't go home" melodrama. 
 A Country Called Home never goes all-in on the implied cornpone of its title-but it never really goes all-in on anything else, either.
 There's heart here for the taking, but Axster turns a complicated domestic and emotional crisis into an episode of a network television drama.
 Lacks the clear vision to know how to distinguish itself from a hundred other similar movies.
 There's exactly one fascinating, original character in Anna Axster's well-meaning but bland debut feature, "A Country Called Home." Unfortunately, the movie's not about him.
 The rigorously dull A Country Called Home hates flyover country more than Bill Maher.
 The third act in particular becomes an awkward mixture of broad comedy and pathos.
 It's refreshing to see Poots in a role such as this, one that lets her easygoing charm shine through. 
 The gentle drama A Country Called Home is in sync with its small-town Texas setting. Unfortunately, much of it is also as flat as the terrain, despite the efforts of an engaging cast led by Imogen Poots.
 While I found it sincere, I felt like it meandered too much and suffered from anxiety over what kind of a film it wanted to be. 
 A Country Called Home is a decent enough trip through the back roads of Texas, connecting with a partly dysfunctional family. It's just not something that most viewers will want to write home about.
 There is not a lot in the plot that is surprising or even original. There is some wit and there is a not too unrealistic look at strained family relationships. 
 Parents and grandparents shouldn't be surprised if, afterward, youngsters are sufficiently curious to Google info about the real-life Apollo moon missions that the movie playfully references.
 Works hard in an effort to recapture the fizzy thrills of action-centric Pixar flicks like 'The Incredibles'.
 For some Capture the Flag will just about scrape by on its honourable intentions and brisk delivery; however, what seems on paper like a vaguely educational distraction, is merely another exercise in colourful chaos.
 Several of the characters are so grating you long for a lunar disaster to strand them as far away from planet Earth as possible.
 Capture The Flag has enough visual energy to get to the moon and back. Alas, the script blows harder than a solar wind.
 It's a feeble storyline and the film is only partially lifted by some lively action sequences and one or two Gravity-like scenes of the astronauts drifting in space.
 It may lack the finesse and charm of animation from Pixar, Disney or DreamWorks, but it's a decent yarn for younger kids who want something to watch on a rainy day or school holiday.
 Aside from a fleeting post-Minions Kubrick gag, there's little here for the oldies and nothing that the Pixar generation won't have seen done before and better.
 So mind-numbingly stupid that any investment in the characters is next to impossible.
 Capture the Flag sits comfortably at the classier end of children's fare for the start of 2016.
 There is an inkling of a better film here but something appears to have got lost in translation, making this quite the forgettable voyage.
 This colourful animation tries a little too hard to get down with the kids.
 A good family film with a positive message. [Full review in Spanish]
 One of those films kids can see over and over again and adults won't have to suffer when seeing it. [Full review in Spanish]
 Great animation, too bad the story isn't that great or original. Still pretty decent. [Full review in Spanish]
 It touches on the subject of keeping families together successfully. [Full review in Spanish]
 The film entertains and will certainly be enjoyed by children and adults with knowledge in films and pop culture. [Full review in Spanish]
 A good effort that achieves it's low goals. [Full review in Spanish]
 They just don't make this kind of romantic trifle anymore-and for good reason.
 A combination romance, farce and road movie that whiffs in all three departments.
 Lackluster mother-daughter comedy has teen drug use.
 The film ultimately boils down to people bludgeoning one another in unimaginative close-ups.
 Like the house, the movie is something of a shifting puzzle box; if only the backstory that turns its gears weren't so rotten.
 As for the home-invasion angle, there isn't quite enough to set it apart from the pack. Much like the title, "Intruders" is just a little too familiar. "You're Next," this is decidedly not.
 Intruders blends a few horror subgenres to create something complex and engrossing, all while wearing influences from Adam Wingard like a badge of pride.
 Intruders ultimately comes across like basic-cable schlock (or is it Netflix schlock now?), slightly redeemed by the germ of a great idea, even if said idea never truly germinates.
 "Intruders" doesn't provide a pounding viewing experience, but it's sharp where it counts, holding to a rhythm of torment and confusion that keeps the picture engrossing and repeatedly unnerving.
 Intruders is tautly directed by first-time feature filmmaker Adam Schindler.
 "Intruders," a distasteful thriller with a bludgeoning sensibility and little common sense, turns a cozy family home into a clockwork house of horrors.
 The actors alone can't sustain "Intruders" for its full 90 minutes, but for the most part they follow Starr's lead, carrying a film that's both menacing and magnetic.
 The result is a promising film that leaves a bad taste in your mouth, like a meal well-presented on the plate that just doesn't fill you up.
 An efficiently engineered suspenser, with solid performances and a tight pace.
 Well-acted and initially suspenseful before it turns increasingly implausible, lazy and uninspired as it piles on the twists in unsatisfying ways.
 A highly competent, suspenseful, and fun thriller that never overstays its welcome. Do it a favor, and open the door.
 The film doesn't know if it wants to be an over-the-top, sensationalized shocker with cartoonishly evil villains... or a more realistic, gritty thriller with human characters, and the end result lies in a muddied, thrill-less, exasperating middle ground.
 Intruders at least tries to do something different, and it does manage to keep things ticking over smoothly enough.
 Of the numerous DC LEGO films, Cosmic Clash is one of the better entries in the franchise. Just be prepared to make a trip to the closest LEGO retailer afterwards.
 Heroes time-travel and fight evil in funny, inventive tale.
 An engaging and thoughtful snapshot of Dean's life, enlivened by a pair of superb performances and stunning production design.
 Beautifully written and directed, this fact-based drama is an odd mixture of excellent acting and not-quite-right casting.
 As a portrait of James Dean, Life only manages to capture his soft, stolid side.
 It's odd that Corbijn, a gifted still photographer in his own right, has so little to say about the relationship between shooter and subject, or the impermanence of celebrity.
 While the script is sometimes too heavy footed, on the whole Life has an unassuming quality that wears well over the course of its two hours.
 Life misses the mark by perhaps a sixtieth of a second, but that's enough.
 It ends up demystifying Dean, perhaps by accident but no less regrettably.
 I loved Ben Kingsley's over-the-top work as studio head Jack Warner, who in one scene explains the lay of the land to Mr. Dean in a manner that would inspire envy from Don Corleone. This guy isn't messing around.
 Dig, if you will, the pictures, but you don't need "Life" as a stargazing aid.
 The actors and their exchanges ring true, and by the time the film reaches its lonesome conclusion, the resonances are eerie.
 A moody, leisurely and occasionally frustrating piece of work ...
 Flat James Dean biopic has swearing, some nudity.
 Both Pattinson and DeHaan could have used more to do, but both actors put in performances that elevate the proceedings.
 Corbijn is great at taking real-life flesh and blood people and alchemically rendering them in striking 2-dimensional images that transcend and mythologize the reality, but "Life" shows him fall some way short of achieving the reverse.
 There's not much to go on here.
 Pattinson and DeHaan are both strong, portraying real people with a mix of imitation and individuality.
 It really is the work of Pattinson, and even more so DeHaan, that makes "Life" a success.
 As the film's emotional anchor, Stock isn't nearly as fascinating by comparison.
 For Dean aficionados, this is a wonderful way to get the backstory on some of the most iconic images we have of the star.
 Life turned out to be as bland as its title.
 It's an entertaining romp and one of the funniest Christmas comedies we've seen for years.
 As with the appalling Pyongyang-set The Interview of last year, The Night Before relies on swearing, stereotypes, causing offence and adolescent sexual jokes for its laughs.
 Like your old Christmas jumper, Rogen is feeling a little worn.
 I'd go so far as to say that The Night Before might turn into one of those yuletide favorites the whole family will go on to enjoy.
 Loaded with party drugs and with Rogen putting in yet another of his rote man-child performances - really, Seth, enough already - it's a pleasant enough time-killer though all the improvised scenes with over-lapping dialogue are a little hard to make out
 Top marks to Jillian Bell and Michael Shannon for briefly raising the overall tone; brickbats to James Franco for bringing it right back down again.
 There isn't enough story to sustain the running time and it lacks howlingly funny set-pieces.
 It's A Wonderful Life meets Pineapple Express in this stoner Christmas comedy.
 It's bogged down by too many derailing tangents, but the three appealing leads have a wonderful chemistry, and it gets close to the spirit of the season.
 In The Night Before, which Levine directed and co-wrote, sweetness and crudity mingle from the outset. 
 A film about how time changes friendships with hilarious jokes and humor to along with it. [Full review in Spanish]
 Unfortunately, the moments designed as comic relief become the main focus of the film, giving us cheap laughs that stray away from the main plot. [Full review in Spanish]
 Michael Shannon's name isn't on the movie poster, but "The Night Before" wouldn't be as memorable or funny without him. 
 This blending of the stoner bromance with the Christmas comedy works surprisingly well, layering gross-out humour with holiday sentimentality.
 A hilarious Christmas comedy that deftly mixes drug-fueled humor with holiday sentimentality.
 There's a glimmer of genuine sweetness beneath the tomfoolery in The Night Before, which occasionally casts a warm glow over characters as they learn valuable lessons about the power of friendship to overcome every obstacle.
 Such a ragged, staggering, let-it-all-hang-out bro-comedy that the women feel parachuted in. Strains to be a Christmas movie for '80s babies now all grown up but umbilically attached to their smartphones. 
 There's small pockets of convincing dialogue between the friends, but this clashes with random, chaotic set pieces.
 The Night Before might well have called Christmas Carol on drugs. [Full Review in Spanish]
 In the midst of an otherwise by-the-book, boys-will-be-boys tale, it's one hell of Christmas cracker surprise.
 Guy Maddin delivers another of his wild and whimsical fantasies, tinged with camp and couched in the film grammar of silent cinema.
 The Forbidden Room is an absolutely manic, joyous romp through a hilariously warped revision of seemingly the entirety of silent film, an endlessly inventive celebration of the limitlessness and sheer dexterity of cinema from the first frame to the last.
 The tinted, corroded images ripple, pulsate and disintegrate. They burn up, then reconfigure as something else entirely. The surface of the movie is liquid; the actors seem to be drifting in an ocean of photographic developer fluid.
 It is sometimes brilliant and sometimes boring, but even the boring parts have an eccentric sparkle.
 The Forbidden Room is a fun ride for cineastes and was much fted at festivals. Whether it will appeal to mainstream taste with its insane mash-up of B movie-style parody, silent-movie intertitles and jungle vampires is anyone's guess.
 Maddin remains a unique treasure, and The Forbidden Room is one hell of a trove.
 Exquisitely designed, this cornucopia of melodramatic fragments and movie pastiches will enchant Guy Maddin fans.
 A visual phantasmagoria with a built-in propulsive energy.
 A grueling marathon of cinematic masturbation; a mind-numbingly empty exercise in self-conscious style with absolutely nothing to say.
 It's an exercise in high kitsch which enraptures at first, but becomes increasingly enervating the longer it lasts.
 If you're up for The Forbidden Room, it fulfills it's oneiric promise by leaving you with the vague impression that you dreamed it - and dreamed its dreams within dreams - even if you know you didn't.
 The screen pulsates like infernal internal organs, or bubbles and mutates like melting celluloid jammed in a hot projector.
 Once again, Maddin draws his inspiration from cinema's transitional phase between silent and sound, and he is abetted wonderfully by production designer Galen Johnson and cinematographer Stphanie Weber-Biron.
 An exhausting and overwhelming film to experience, but there's also something exhilarating about its mad energy and boundless invention.
 What Maddin & Co. have invented here ranges from Freudian horror to childish naughtiness.
 There's a strange comfort in knowing that Freud's fascinating topography of the mind will never be completely discredited while Maddin is making deliriously absurd movies.
 Dense and lacking the playful quality of his more straightforward work, this represents a new multi-narrative direction for Maddin.
 Whilst The Forbidden Room is overlong and messy, it is still a lightning bolt of creativity from one of the most enigmatic and compelling filmmakers working today.
 The bad part is that at over two hours long the film is not that good.
 Canadian iconoclast Guy Maddin has been making strange, surreal films that evoke the images and storytelling traditions of silent movies for decades. The Forbidden Room (2015)... is like a compendium of his obsessions and cinematic fetishes.
 Some generally witty lines are trampled by many more that are neither clever nor funny. 
 Amy Ryan has a nice turn as Don's naive assistant, but her humanity is more than this movie can handle.
 A joyless celebration of well-trod stereotypes in an even more joyless madcap lampoon.
 Sam Rockwell applies his usual deft touch to the title character, whose born-again ministry is founded on his dubious excavation of religious relics in Israel, but whose charlatanism serves a sincere and abiding faith.
 The humor is very hit-and-miss, both because it's wielding a rather blunt satirical weapon and because the sheer number of people Don fools becomes hard to swallow. But when Don Verdean's barbs land, they work ...
 Hess' eccentric characters are neither likable enough to root for nor ridiculous enough to earn big laughs.
 There is an absence of meanness in the Hesses' comic worldview that makes their films almost impossible to dislike.
 There is a redemptive message in Verdean's eventual downfall but it's mostly lost in a storyline that tries way too hard to be outlandish.
 Even with the likes of Amy Ryan and Will Forte providing capable backup, it all grows ancient, fast.
 The film employs and immediately squanders the talents of legitimate comedy all-stars Amy Ryan, Danny McBride, Jemaine Clement and Will Forte.
 There is little that is worse than satire that tiptoes around its subject, as if risking offense were a sin.
 Don Verdean is a pleasingly entertaining, sometimes hilarious, quietly satirical take on what makes us tick as a subculture.
 Parts of "Don Verdean" are executed with real imagination. The rest of it falls asleep.
 Don Verdean is the sort of comedy which presumes its own hilarity long before it gets around to telling any actual jokes, or staging anything that might otherwise be considered funny...
 I think I chuckled about three times ...
 A poor attempt to spoof evangelicals and their mindless, desperate followers.
 Don Verdean may only appeal to hardcore Hess fans-anyone else will likely never once crack even a smile.
 "Don Verdean" could be more sharp, more focused, and it's easy to be disappointed by the film's low ambitions.
 There are some scattered laughs, but considering its broad targets, the film is too detached from reality to consistently hit the mark.
 Should have been broader, should have been funnier. Did they lose their nerve?
 It has enough original (and strange) elements to feel like its own entity and stand out. [Full review in Spanish]
 The most beloved fighter in cinema does not stand anymore in the ring. [Full Review in Spanish]
 If Rocky was a K.O, Creed is a T.K.O.
 Sylvester Stallone reminds us why we fell in love with Rocky in the first place. [Full review in Spanish]
 A powerfull, emotional and well told story. [Full review in Spanish]
 The plot is pretty simple, but it has a good start and a clear end, also has moments that easily remind us to Rocky(1976). [Full Review in Spanish]
 While this film is basically Rocky VII, it's also much more than that, and perhaps the best in the series as it tells a standalone story with energy and skill.
 Coogler manages to make one of the best films in the series showing a Rocky full of courage and elegance. [Full Review in Spanish]
 In this revival, there is not only talent, but also affection and intelligence. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Creed reimagined a classic, while paying tribute to a character that remains after forty years. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Creed may not reunite generations like Star Wars did, but has fiber and muscle to keep fighting. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The most romantic story in sports films the industry has ever contributed to pop culture. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A powerful drama with great fight sequences and a superb camera work. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Stallone delivers a touching and wonderfully understated performance. 
 Creed is able to succeed as an exceptionally entertaining sports story, and the groundwork for building an identity free from the past.
 This is everything we could have hoped for from a Rocky spinoff and more. It's a story about legacy, race, purpose, trust, and friendship. 
 with Creed, the series really has returned to its roots... there's an earthiness and street quality that we haven't witnessed since the 1976 original.
 Director Ryan Coogler proves to be a filmmaker with a great capacity for narrative, and just like his character, he's trying to leave more than a good impression - a legacy. [Full Review in Spanish]
 An honest film the will thrill the thoughest and that can be enjoyed even by those who haven't seen the originals. [Full review in Spanish]
 Like a palooka charging from his corner, Creed plunges ahead with only a few sidesteps. (Director) Coogler takes his time with each development, endearing these already likable characters to the viewer even more.
 Panahi may make his points from inside a cab, but he's no hack. Just a farer of honesty and truth in a country where truth no longer has meaning. 
 Panahi has made a work of invention and brio that remains visually lively throughout, despite its formal restrictions.
 Panahi's light-hearted banter and his interactions with his niece and his multiple fares - whether real or staged - give a valuable insight into life lived under a constant veil of political and religious oppression.
 Taxi is must-see, feel-good cinma vrit of the narrative variety.
 Jafar Panahi's Taxi looks onto a world where the social order and the spiritual order are at odds, in flux, where the conversations are sometimes cutting, sometimes comic, sometimes troubled, sometimes profound.
 Taxi is perhaps the most ingeniously optimistic movie I've seen this year. It also reminds me of the current Room, another instance of extreme captivity where the only response is imagination. Both films make our world a bigger place.
 Here is an auteur able to swallow the urge to shake his fist and bellow to the heavens about the injustice of his situation. Instead, he continues to explore, with humor and humanity, the themes that have always fascinated him ...
 Taxi is easily the director's most accessible work to date.
 Panahi's status as a martyr for his art could have gulled him into loftiness and pride; and yet, by some miracle, Taxi stays as modest as his smile, the point being not to recruit us to his cause but to put us on the side of his compatriots.
 This is not just a powerful lesson in creative determination and censorship defiance but an absorbing look at humanity, full of poignancy and humor. . .Hope lives.
 iven the option, Panahi might prefer to move onto fresh material -- but as man and artist, he seems to be surviving as well as could be hoped.
 Mixes the meta elements of his recent output with the shrewd social commentary of his pre-arrest work, all buoyed by a cheekiness that makes it accessible to audiences beyond the arthouse.
 The sequences go from lightly absurd and funny to troubling and political, from Panahi's enjoyment of the rich fabric of secular life in Tehran to his anxiety of residing in a society controlled by the thought-police of Iran's religious oligarchy.
 "Taxi" is certainly the most entertaining of Panahi's forbidden works, but it is also a rich experience full of human drama, comedy and ideas. The filmmaker has turned civil disobedience into its own genre.
 At one point, a lawyer lays a rose near the dashboard camera, with the comment: 'This is for the people of cinema.' For audiences, 'Jafar Panahi's Taxi' is just such a rose.
 The spirit of 'Taxi' is similar to Richard Linklater's 'Slacker'-picking up new characters for discussions of current life-except it's funnier, more polemic, and a champion of every film ever made.
 Despite the laughs, Taxi never loses touch with the desperate reality at the heart of its formal experiment.
 Beautifully balanced, cheerful but incisive, Taxi Tehran is playful, but also deadly serious.
 It all feels spontaneous yet knowing, filled with wry humor and revealing asides, slipping in political and social commentary with a smile. 
 His most recent work is an eloquent example of their strategies to pursue his film activity. [Full review in Spanish]
 What do developing countries need? Trade, not aid, this provocative documentary argues.
 An easy-to-understand docu-essay with a tough-to-accept message.
 Boenish's wife, Jean, who trained to jump with him, is interviewed extensively, and, although Strauch doesn't provide much backstory for her, she emerges as that rarity -- a perfect matchup to a seemingly unmatchable man.
 A generally splendid documentary by Marah Strauch about people throwing themselves off cliffs. Literally.
 Long before there were GoPros, there was Boenish, a camera mounted on his helmet, jumping from Yosemite's El Capitan or L.A. skyscrapers under construction.
 Boenish's enthusiasm and life-force energize Sunshine Superman whenever he's an onscreen presence; his absence proves to be a much harder thing to turn into compelling cinema.
 The two sides of the documentary more often exist alongside each other, rather than supporting them. Still, especially for people who aren't going to be throwing out chutes any time soon, it's a thrilling ride.
 Daring, Thrilling, Surprising - a well told true story
 [A] spectacular and affecting portrait.
 While the doc takes a conventional and even pedestrian approach -- with multiple talking-head interviews and some re-enactments with actors -- there is also plenty of spectacular archival footage showing jumps dating back to the 1960s.
 Engrossing, tension-filled and utterly fascinating.
 Sunshine Superman is at times a bit too reverent with the material, and there are distracting reenactments ( la The Jinx and Man on Wire), some of which seem extraneous, but overall, the film is a sun-kissed tribute to a singular individual.
 You might walk away from the film saying not 'That was cool' or 'That was sad,' but: 'That soundtrack was really fantastic.'
 [Boenish] convinced plenty of jumpers to strap cameras to their heads, which resulted in some spectacular footage.
 First-time filmmaker Marah Strauch skillfully interweaves the Boenish story -- full of copious vintage footage shot by Carl -- with dramatizations and interviews.
 You may find "Sunshine Superman" exhilarating or you may find "Sunshine Superman" terrifying, but you almost surely will not find it boring.
 It will dropkick you right in the vertigo.
 It's a routine documentary about a fascinating man, albeit one with a great classic rock soundtrack.
 Heart-stopping cliff-jumping doc.
 This is still a wonderful portrait of a man who chose to embrace life to its fullest whilst biting his thumb at gravity.
 This documentary about Carl Boenish, founder of modern BASE jumping is a captivating portrait of a man unlike any other. Not just an adrenaline junkie, but a superb cinematographer, technical wizard, philosopher, filmmaker and promoter of his sport.
 Ever watched an extreme sports enthusiast leap off a mountain to his death? No? Then you haven't seen this bittersweet biopic about a compulsive base jumper with a death wish. 
 The true story of charity founder Christina Noble's empathy in action. 
 "Noble" largely works due to its clenched-fist approach, tending to the particulars of Christina's war against suffering while maintaining its message of hope, making it the rare faith-based film that's more show than tell. 
 Writer-director Stephen Bradley may make some missteps, but he capitalizes on this underdog story's inherent thrills.
 The real Noble accomplished a lot, but the movie insists on giving her achievements a mystical and mythical dimension ... without the imagination to carry it off.
 A smart, touching, tragic, goofy and surprisingly captivating dramatic biography of Irish children's rights activist Christina Noble.
 [Her] Dickensian childhood provides real intrigue, but writer-director Stephen Bradley portrays the grown-up Noble as a messianic figure, making her philanthropy seem like acts of hubris rather than selflessness.
 Noble's biggest flop may be its dialogue.
 I left Noble wanting to know more about Christina's story than could be shown in a two-hour film... Can anyone's life be sufficiently distilled in such a short span? No. But glimpses of such lives can serve other purposes.
 Uneven but nonetheless emotionally gratifying ...
 Her indomitable spirit and merry heart make this remarkable story vivid, true, and touching. 
 A feisty, passionate performance by the Irish actress Deirdre O'Kane gives the inspirational biopic "Noble" a serrated edge of defiance and gumption.
 An earnest tribute to a strong and ambitious woman.
 Intelligent, sincere and unabashedly goodhearted.
 As its title indicates, this is a straight-up inspirational tale, but its sincerity and above-average execution set it apart from many other similar movies.
 Portrays Noble as a person, rather than a middle-class moviegoer's moral pin-up.
 Uplifting docudrama, set in Vietnam, recounting an Irish woman's selfless efforts on behalf of the war-torn country's homeless orphans. 
 Even if you don't quite buy the philosophy this is selling, the three main actors are impressive and director Stephen Bradley does a fair job of slipping between the different timelines.
 Noble is a solid straight-faced biopic that is raised to surprising heights by a flinty central performance from the redoubtable Deirdre O'Kane.
 Often desperately sad but ultimately triumphant, Noble is a sincere and well-executed portrayal of good triumphing over evil.
 Bradley has structured the tale well, as when we do move between eras, it's done so in a seamless manner and with a minimum contrivance.
 Erika Frankel's documentary is finally revealed to be a story of prolonged adjustment to retirement, and a poignant illustration of sublimated redemption. 
 Frankel has a fine eye for telling detail, and the result, while sentimental, is as irresistible as the dessert cart.
 "King Georges" feels stretched into feature length, but its ending neatly portrays a man with a fierce personal code who seems to have accepted change.
 [A] poignant, funny and well-seasoned portrait of autumnal fervor.
 The relationship between the young American and the old Frenchman is as rich as one of Perrier's sauces: the pupil and the teacher, the son and the father, the keen protg and the stubborn classicist.
 "King Georges" reminds us that a singular dining experience can often be the expression of a very singular personality, singular temperament, singular discipline.
 The vividly detailed behind-the-scenes glimpse of one of America's best kitchens, along with a holistic view of the title character, make King Georges a flavorful treat worth savoring.
 Fun fare for foodies, especially those with a taste for classic French cuisine and nostalgia for the posh French restaurants that once dominated the culinary scene.
 By patiently letting events play out past the easy and expected end-note, Frankel has fashioned a fine story out of what might have been merely a cautionary tale.
 It finds its filmmaker completely lost between impulses to pay homage, play it safe, or offer something--anything--new.
 The widescreen intimacy of small moments - the flush of a rain-soaked cheek - humanizes Donzelli's grand folly and the couple who challenge the parameters of morality.
 Marguerite & Julien's romance is a non-item, but Donzelli sprinkles it with faux naivet, which has the aftertaste of an artificial sweetener. Who would ever want to see this movie?
 The wan narrative at hand fails on several levels, including an annoying amount of intentional anachronistic details that detract rather enhance.
 For a premise as provocative as an incestuous French fairy tale, this sort of toothlessness is tantamount to a death knell.
 The excruciating experience of "Marguerite & Julien" need only be endured by viewers with an obsessive interest in the least constructive aesthetic currents in contemporary French cinema.
 An overheated but haunting, strangely involving tale inspired by the doomed romance between real-life aristocratic French siblings circa 1600.
 What's missing is any sense of unified purpose or vision.
 It plays a little long, but the visuals are spectacular in Pixar's holiday film about family and overcoming fear. It's a curious blend of coming of age story, buddy movie and mid west adventure
 Just nice, basic fun, really.
 The latest Pixar/Disney feature is a somewhat head-scratching affair with some sweet charms and cute laughs but nothing like the complexity and profundity of Inside Out.
 As bright and fast-moving as it is, The Good Dinosaur is very much a colour-by-numbers effort. Pixar has covered this sort of territory so many times now that recurring themes [about being yourself] have become rote to all but the youngest Pixar fans.
 Good enough, even if it's not as Pixar perfect as we've come to expect.
 Very good indeed.
 In 2015, for the first time in the company's history, Pixar released two films. One of them was wonderful. The other was The Good Dinosaur.
 An awesome technical feat, The Good Dinosaur is a very good Pixar film, but not quite a great one, even if it is highly likeable all the same.
 While not up there with Toy Story 3 and The Incredibles as Pixar's best, this is still a warm and wonderfully told tale. Arlo may be The Good Dinosaur but this is a great movie.
 Hyper cartoon design in the foreground and IMAX realism in the background makes an odd dichotomy and it's hard to see the point.
 One of Pixar's more entertaining recent efforts...
 By turns breath-taking to look at and emotionally engaging, the film has to rate as a triumph for the way in which it can appeal to audiences of every age while perhaps relying more on classic storytelling elements.
 A deeply affecting and impossibly beautiful film that is steeped in genuine emotion, colorful characters, and a moving moral message.
 While The Good Dinosaur does have things to admire about it, including beautiful animation and some intriguing characters, it's ultimately one of Pixar's weaker efforts thanks to an overly-familiar story and themes.
 It certainly has its charms and is several notches better than a lot of the computer-animated mayhem passed off as children's entertainment these days, but its impact is almost entirely in the moment.
 The Good Dinosaur is a much better film than Cars but the newer movie's propensity for sentimentality and Americana does indeed recall the earlier, unlovely Pixar adventure.
 It's a beautiful, touching, and exciting tale of learning to grow up in a world where loss and death are a part of life.
 As sublime as 3D character animation gets.
 While the humour and supporting menagerie of characters feel slightly stale, Arlo and Spot's relationship is a remarkable feat of emotional evolution.
 You don't often chastise a film for not being sufficiently manipulative, but 'My All American' is an out-and-proud tear-jerker, and it can't even do that.
 Fumbles the opening kickoff and never recovers. Manages a field goal at the end but no touchdown. 
 For those looking for a sports film of basic quality and genuine narrative, "My All American" is definitively useless.
 Heartfelt (if bland) football biopic is great for game fans.
 Don't get me wrong; this film accurately shares a wonderful guy's all-too-short life with us. I only wish it had been delivered in a more well-rounded way.
 American football is played on a rectangle, but movies about it can sure be square.
 My All American really has only one goal: putting a lump in your throat at watching a kid refuse to stop believing that every one of his dreams could come true. Lump delivered.
 This is the kind of movie they make you watch in grade school. It's meant to be good for you, and the entry-level script has every clich in the playbook.
 Instead of genuine inspiration, the movie provides only flimsy, superficial positivity.
 Even those who love inspirational sports films might have to flinch from "My All American" is a movie so square, conservative and humorless that it winds up playing like a brutally straight-faced "South Park" parody of gridiron schmaltz."
 "My All American" scores additional points for its emotional impact.
 ... an easily digestible slice of Texas football nostalgia that stumbles short of the goal line.
 Everything in the film may be true, but every second feels contrived, and that's a momentum killer that leaves "My All American" wide open to an all-out blitz of rolling eyeballs. 
 Almost unwatchable, outside of Texas.
 Commits a major gaffe by overpolishing Freddie Steinmark, undermining the impact of his real-life story.
 My All-American is a red-blooded, God-fearing cavalcade of wall-to-wall, inspirational earnestness.
 Michael Reilly Burke and Robin Tunney are good as Steinmark's parents, while as Steinmark's devoted high-school sweetheart, Sarah Bolger makes a mark for herself as someone to watch.
 Other than a moving conclusion, this is a mediocre sports drama.
 We're never invested in the sanitary white-bread story that renounces drama and entertainment for the sake of accuracy and a squeaky-clean PG rating
 Not an inspirational football movie but the highlights reel from one, with a golden boy who is his own manic pixie dreamboat. The worst sort of hagiography.
 It's an intricate web, but when it's finally untangled, a remarkable and striking picture emerges. Spotlight is that picture.
 ...the kind of film that takes on the Big Subject with modesty and self-reflection, drawing the viewer into the world of the reporters and culture of Boston in 2001 to better understand the scope of everything that's at stake.
 Succeeds because it puts the audience alongside the reporters, allowing us to share the incredulity, disgust and frustration. 
 Near-breathless high-tension performances from a fully immersed ensemble, each member conveying an unflagging determination to unveil the breadth of degeneracy.
 One of the year's most noteworthy Oscar contenders and a brilliant ensemble piece.
 Spotlight is an advertorial for journalistic objectivity and integrity in the face of abject perversion.
 Spotlight, a brilliant new film, will shake you out of your complacency and renew your faith in the power of investigative journalism.
 The screenplay, by [Tom] McCarthy and Josh Singer, is one of the film's greatest strengths, imbued with as much wit as it is sobering truths. 
 For such an intense story Spotlight ultimately fails because it's so caught up in the process of news gathering that it stops being a compelling movie.
 Spotlight is a great movie that shows us the extreme amount of hipocresy at work within our world. [Full Review in Spanish]
 ...Spotlight is more than just a chronicle of horrendous events, it's a portrait of the pain and suffering millions around the world have experienced. [Full review in Spanish]
 'Spotlight' has increased my admiration for journalists who work diligently to find the truth behind serious problems, even if it involves powerful institutions like the Catholic Church. 
 McCarthy's clear, simple direction allows the performances to shine.
 A stirring assessment of the right and wrong of our humanity in the volatile world of a changing newsroom.
 The effort and teamwork highlighted in this film is absorbing, intelligent and it remarks how exciting investigative journalism is, perhaps it lacks adrenaline, but its cinematic importance is undeniable. [Full review in Spanish]
 The cast is an impressive ensemble, but Spotlight's genius is in its calmly urgent take on events. In doing so, it makes them all the more sobering and gravid.
 There are fine ensemble performances from McAdams, John Slattery, Paul Guilfoyle and Stanley Tucci, but Michael Keaton is Spotlight's secret weapon.
 Spotlight is an indispensable film for moviegoers and for every believer. [Full review in Spanish]
 Like the crusading journalists it honors, Spotlight forges ahead with a gripping story and doesn't stop until it gets it right
 It restores my faith in the concept of redemption to see McCarthy bouncing from The Cobbler straight to Spotlight
 The remake, adapted and directed by veteran Hollywood screenwriter Billy Ray, messes with and messes up the central romance and changes the triangular dynamic.
 This is a story of longings, obsession, and the inability to move on from events unaccounted for by justice. 
 Why, then, does it fall so flat? Ray hasn't nailed the structure, dug deeply enough into the characterisations, or finessed the big twist nearly well enough - that's why.
 An intriguing, time-shifting tale of obsession and one of Hollywood's better remakes.
 This is a lethargic A-list remake of an ingenious Oscar-winning Argentine thriller from 2009 called The Secret in Their Eyes. I'm not sure why they dropped the definite article.
 This isn't so much a remake of Juan Jos Campanella's 2009 Oscar winner for Best Foreign Language Film as an utter travesty of it. 
 This is a pale imitation of the Oscar-winning Argentinian original that can't breathe any new life into familiar territory.
 Two great performances squandered in a silly misfire.
 The film itself doesn't generate much suspense, but it does engage as a morally ambiguous tale about loss and obsession.
 Tme and again the drama spirals into cliched foolishness and rule-bending procedural pastiche from which only a typically engrossing turn by Ejiofor can save it.
 As a decent, involving thriller, it exercises the little grey cells and passes muster.
 Sacrifices atmosphere and character interest for the intrigues of a murder plot that simply isn't very compelling or consequential.
 Chiwetel Ejiofor's new movie is a mess. Even the title - why are there more eyes than secrets? - induces brain ache.
 Appropriately enough, a bogus Hollywood prestige picture is exactly what we get with US remake Secret in Their Eyes.
 It's rare for an American remake to be scruffier than the original, but this film is an intriguingly messier take on the super-slick, hugely engaging 2009 Oscar winner from Argentina. 
 The overwhelming sense of unoriginality lingers over proceedings like a dark, menacing cloud.
 Sure, it is still an entertaining film and offers some great moments of acting and suspense, but those who have the time to compare both films will be disappointed.
 The original picture's melodramatic excesses have been augmented with fresh indulgences to deliver a film that is not quite peculiar enough to be interesting.
 The new film fails to recapture the atmosphere of fear and menace that made the first Secret so gripping. 
 The stars all bring their A games, but beyond their convincingly moody performances this dour remake has little to recommend it - unless you're in the market for a circuitous, 13-year ordeal of loss, regret and missed opportunities.
 A low-key drama whose modesty is its own reward.
 James Franco's "Boyhood"...random scenes sketching out boys' callowness, cruelty, compassion and comic books. And curiosity. Bi-curiosity. 
 Yosemite mines Franco's fiction for its most vital quality: his unsentimental depiction of youthful insecurity, this time among fifth-graders.
 Where STAND BY ME pressed its characters' faces into the stink of mortality, the boys here have yet to even hear the news about a dead body down by the train tracks.
 The material aspires to powerful terseness, but its seemingly conscientious refusal to ramp up too much drama ultimately renders it thinly anecdotal.
 It's an interesting effort with a clear portrait of pre-adolescent curiosity, but it's not something to be viewed casually, as the feature's patience with tone takes some getting used to. 
 A sobering, evocative drama.
 Franco gives one of his most subtle performances yet as a recovering-alcoholic father, and the three young newcomers' performances are honest and affecting.
 The movie succeeds on its own quiet terms, binding the three parts together with assurance and tonal consistency to cast a lingering spell.
 While many may find its slow pace and lack of action a bit frustrating, Yosemite is a thoughtful and well-executed coming of age indie...
 An earnest examination of the loss of innocence this critic might have appreciated even more if the subject-matter hadn't be so relentlessly dark and disturbing.
 Although evocative and nicely observed, the coming-of-age drama "Yosemite" ultimately proves too low-key and elliptical to make much of an impression. "Stand by Me" it ain't.
 Extraction constantly tries to score a flashy TKO - but never lands a decent body blow.
 Very low-rent with a phoned-in Bruce Willis performance. However, director Steven C. Miller and game stars Gina Carano and Kellan Lutz contribute a few solid action scenes.
 There are a couple of passable fight scenes, including one in a biker bar. But the plot is ridiculous, the bad guys are uninteresting, and the script is so dull you'll want to check your emails during the screening.
 Extraction's ... not, by any stretch of the imagination, "good." But at least it doesn't waste everybody's time.
 [An] unexceptional action picture with old-fashioned ideas about what it means to be a man.
 There are, I guess, some decently staged fight scenes, including clever use of some pool balls, but they in no way make up for having to sit there and watch Lutz garble out warmed-over tough guy dialogue.
 The action-thriller "Extraction" may not be about tooth removal, but for all the fun it proves, it might as well be.
 It's a rare movie that can't be saved by Bruce Willis single-handedly killing all the bad guys. And yet, here it is: Extraction.
 It takes confidence to put out a movie whose single-word title is also the procedure by which a dentist gets rid of a rotten tooth.
 "Extraction" is an exhaustively paint-by-numbers affair, and nobody is more bored with it than Willis. 
 Extraction? I'd rather have my teeth pulled by diseased, evil monkeys.
 Some stylish touches can't rescue a thin concept that's riddled with cliches.
 Bad acting, clunky cinematography and editing, heavy violence, and a less-than-genius screenplay make this a totally disposable action movie, not even recommendable to die-hard Willis ans. 
 An obvious twist wrecks the story, and a good supporting cast upstages the Younger, Less Charismatic Eastwood in every scene. 
 It inelegantly attempts to infuse a standard revenge western with the gravitas of a war veteran's coming-home odyssey.
 Diablo is the first new film I've seen in 2016. I'll be surprised if I see one that's worse all year.
 Diablo is an under-90-minute movie that feels doubly long, bringing you face-to-face with the Devil, but taking its sweet time to get there (unfortunately).
 Roeck aims for an homage to Eastwood Sr.'s revisionist Westerns (think The Outlaw Josey Wales, Unforgiven, etc.), but the result is pretentious and pointless.
 Powerful and beautifully shot, if emotionally distant.
 There's an Eastwood back in the saddle, and maybe for some viewers that will be enough, but once "Diablo" gets to a full gallop, it really has no idea where to go.
 An early candidate for the 2016 worst movies list.
 A relatively ordinary oater ...
 "Diablo" boasts the skeleton of an interesting allegorical oater ... but Carlos de los Rios' screenplay never manages to provide flesh or a beating heart, leaving the whole endeavor feeling more like a rough draft.
 He's got the DNA for westerns, but Scott Eastwood still needs some seasoning if Diablo is any indication.
 There's not much beneath the surface of this modest vigilante saga.
 As far as high concept western/horror flicks are concerned, "Diablo" is nowhere near the excellence of the recent VOD release "Bone Tomahawk," but it should be satisfying for audiences who are in store for a moody and intriguing genre exercise.
 I'll give Lawrence Roeck credit, at least he didn't reveal the twist to his new film Diablo in its last few minutes. 
 It's impossible not to think of Clint Eastwood in his great Westerns when watching his youngest son, Scott, in this poor one, and the comparison isn't favorable. Both the movie and its star seem empty. 
 Subverts the cultural contradictions saturating westerns historically, while probing the post-Civil War PTSD pathology beyond the officially mythologized dark side wild west frontier. And another corrective to the portrayal of Native Americans on screen.
 The kind of movie your stepdad would mention having seen on Netflix a few days back but have trouble remembering the name of. (He'd probably think it was pretty good, though.)
 Diablo is not a great film by any stretch but it is stylish.
 Absurdist comedy with a level of violence so extreme, and so jarring, it makes the ultra-violence of Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange look tame.
 While "Moonwalkers" is not a great comedy, it delivers its laughs through the course of the film and leaves you with a smile.
 Houston, we have landed in an overtly silly, mod-and-LSD rendition of '69 London that seems on loan from the Austin Powers sets.
 The misguided "Moonwalkers" invests too much in the comedy potential of things that haven't been funny for a long while.
 Director Antoine Bardou-Jacquet, who devised the story, is dazzled by period style and puerile jokes, but nothing lands as especially funny, merely tired.
 a sweet film that isn't afraid to show a man's head being blown off. And to make it sort of, kind of, funny. 
 Forget a fake moon landing. "Moonwalkers" is a fake comedy ...
 It's a set-up rife with possibilities, yet Bardou-Jacquet manages to squander all of it, veering wildly between farce and abject violence. 
 There are too many foot-in-mouth moments rather than clever writing and imaginative directing. The film's narcissistic attitude overplays its welcome.
 Graphic violence, lots of drugs in so-so black comedy.
 "Moonwalkers" starts off with an interesting idea and an attractive visual style, but winds up falling out of orbit.
 It's all good English fun, full of drugs, brutality, and general late-'60s decadence. It's also weirdly slack for such an insane ride, as if director Antoine Bardou-Jacquet was afraid he might get in the way of Dean Craig's splendid story.
 A drug-fueled, hyper-violent, swinging-sixties story
 Moonwalkers is bloody, vulgar, and strangely mesmerizing with a unique cast that is essential to executing its ridiculous concept. Ron Perlman is gloriously violent and is able to showcase the best side of dry humor. 
 Moonwalkers takes [a] weird, clumsy turn.
 An amusing concept becomes overloaded with quirks and psychedelic nonsense.
 While it brings a great deal of energy and promise to the table, the film ultimately succumbs to its own bombastic tendencies.
 Has all the makings of a cult classic.
 Tarantino on acid subversive sixties stoner satire. But a combo ballsy big screen intersection of politics, publicity and propaganda that couldn't be more provocatively in the here and now concerning truth in movies and the media - if there ever was any.
 The whole thing has a retro swinging 60s vibe that I enjoyed. The actors all commit to both the lunacy on screen and its premise, and the result is a good natured and entertaining film.
 The Girl in the Book is an auspicious debut for Cohn, a showcase for VanCamp's true acting abilities, and a fascinating feminine story.
 Cohn displays deep sympathy with her protagonist's intersecting emotional crises, scripting a narrative that's intensely perceptive without becoming mired in mawkishness.
 [The filmmakers] lend the film's overall impact the alert observational intelligence of a first-rate short story.
 So unpretentious that it could be accused of lacking style or vigor, writer-director Marya Cohn's maturely conceived, Kickstarter-budgeted debut swaps genders on the more traditionally male-driven story of a stunted coming-of-age.
 As Alice, VanCamp is exceptional, eliciting our sympathy even when the character is making maddeningly self-destructive decisions.
 Though its resolution is a bit pat, most of "The Girl in the Book" is a smart and pointed look at abuses of power and roles women too often play in the literary world.
 VanCamp gives a layered, memorable performance, while writer/director Marya Cohn, making her feature debut, has crafted a nonlinear story that artfully tiptoes between cliche and truth.
 The director, Ms. Cohn, making her feature debut, wrote the script and handily keeps the story's many elements in motion.
 From time to time, Cohn allows a few rays of light to penetrate the gloom and suggest that Alice may find a way transcend her despair. It's a small measure of relief from the overall mood of hopelessness.
 "The Girl in the Book" proves to be anything but a page-turner.
 Cohn ... adeptly balances elements of contemporary romantic comedy and scathing cultural criticism in a film that is obviously deeply personal and simultaneously universal.
 Perhaps "We are Twisted F***ing Sister" doesn't satisfy in the expected manner, but it's a terrific summary of hard work and dedication to a dream, presenting casual fans with a PhD in SMF-ology.
 It's all steak, no sizzle - the opposite of Twisted Sister.
 It's a very entertaining yarn made all the more enjoyable by the fact the band's two leading members, guitarist Jay Jay French and his arch rival, lead singer Dee Snider, have a very well-developed sense of their own absolute ridiculousness.
 This persuasive paean to sheer bloody-minded persistence flies by over the course of 136 engrossing, often hilarious minutes.
 Dee Snyder is charming and the movie is crammed with great archival footage of the band, ranging from their early days as a David Bowie cover act to their jamming onstage with Lemmy Kilmister of Motorhead on British TV. 
 A comprehensive and sometimes harrowing portrayal of the grind a working bar band in the 1970s had to endure to get by.
 Using a trove of archival footage and memorabilia, the story is told by the band, managers and its devout fans over the course of 134 wildly entertaining minutes.
 Silverman proves that she is a legit actress, not just 'pretty good for a comedian trying to get serious.'
 Silverman's scarily good in this role - sick-joke-funny when the behavior supports it, raw yet subtle at Laney's most reckless junctures.
 Silverman, the tart-tongued stand-up comic known for treading treacherous social waters, confirms herself as a serious actress. If only she'd been given a character supported by a stronger arc.
 A tough, unbending, sometimes brutally truthful profile of one woman's addiction and the havoc it wreaks on herself and just about everyone who matters to her.
 Silverman is far and away the best part of "I Smile Back," a strained entry in the Mad Housewife genre.
 Silverman's performance, while good, is by no means great, and she is not able to transcend what amounts to a little too much sweetness and light in this cinematic "Smile."
 This is a dark picture, but it has an exceptional focal point in Silverman, who fully embodies the drain of depression.
 Sarah Silverman uses her stand-up persona to bring her fragile, damaged addict to life, giving one of the most startling performances of 2015.
 I Smile Back has all of the makings of an intense, emotional, drama but the execution is messy, and by the end didn't seem to have a clear story that it was trying tell...
 Holding the film together is Silverman's tour-de-force performance. Involved in every scene, her "serious" acting holds the film together.
 Silverman's shtick may be getting tired, but her bravura turn in I Smile Back suggests a career resurgence.
 Silverman takes a tremendous leap of faith outside of her comfort zone and gives a nuanced and emotionally draining performance
 A terrible script by Paige Dylan takes all the fun out of stand-up comedian Sarah Silverman playing a serious part as a depressed addict.
 I Smile Back pummels with nastiness, then moves from one shocking event to the next without a backward glance.
 It is a brave performance by Sarah Silverman as a woman slipping into a private hell of her own making, but - well, that probably says enough.
 I Smile Back isn't a candy-coated, noble depiction of addiction and the toll it takes on families, but rather a bleak yet honest look at how regular people lose themselves, and how difficult it can be to find the way back.
 Silverman delivers a knockout performance - any memories of her scatalogical stand-up act are washed away in an instant. But her intense commitment to the depths of depression belongs in a better, more focused, less derivative film.
 The sort of reductionism one finds in cautionary videos made for schools, with equally weak logic.
 It would be nice if this film offered more hope for Laney, but it isn't that kind of film. It is just a slice of life, and a pretty depressing slice at that, with a disturbing beginning, a dismal end and false hope in the middle.
 At a running time of 85 minutes, we learn too little about Laney and too much about her addiction.
 Entertainment offers some genuine insight into its subject matter. Coupled with an astonishing central performance, it is a work that continually fascinates.
 I left this barbed portrait of a cracking-up comic with more than a little respect for its fearless director, Rick Alverson, and his trusting star, Gregg Turkington. You can't deny that they're a match made in heaven.
 Get with the extreme deadpan tone and long takes, though, and the film feels as brave as it is potentially exasperating.
 Weirdly compelling if student-y and unfocused ...
 Like Hamburger's meta-hacky comedy routine, the film confronts and challenges in order to produce something increasingly rare in American cinema: an active, engaged experience.
 The Comedian is an ugly man with an ugly soul, and an ugly sense of comedy that at one point literally includes making fart noises for 90 full seconds as he pretends to gun down his silent audience with a soccer trophy.
 Gregg Turkington delivers a spot-on performance as a down-in-the-dumps comic in this gloomy offering. Too bad the film left me me in a deep funk too. 
 A Greek tragedy told through the vessel of a small-time comedian, Entertainment is a bleak look into a broken man swallowed-up by second-rate showbusiness. 
 It's the closest emulation of a waking nightmare in an American movie in a very long time. The anxiety is generalized, but it's also as specific as Hell. 
 A daring and mainly successful black comedy about a dour and depressive comedian on a dead-end tour of California. 
 It is not fun, but its confrontational style yields dividends.
 There's a chic emptiness to "Entertainment," undoubtedly, and anti-comedy constructs that may rub the wrong way, but there's also a spiky intelligence at work too, one that engages through the artifice of disengagement and the illusion of "performance."
 Conjures an elegant portrait of a nation lost in a surrealist slipstream, drawing on the iconography of its past and the shell of its present. It's one of the best American movies of the year.
 The Frankenstein-esque final scenes of Entertainment make it painfully clear: As much as we want to read them as social critique, Rick Alverson makes monster movies.
 An unsparing road trip through the barrenness of American pop culture and, by extension, the human soul.
 A weird road flick about a weirdo stand-up comic with a weird repertoire. 
 This is one of those in-your-face, angry, confrontational movies. It wasn't just a chore to sit through, it was more like a homework assignment given to you by a teacher who hates your guts.
 It's difficult to give Alverson and his star too much credit for depth, insight or having a point. Because I'm not certain they have one. 
 Alverson continues to zero in on the most brutal tendencies of contemporary comedy.
 Entertainment is a fully realised and extremely accomplished translation of Gregg Turkington's Neil Hamburger character to the big screen.
 An empathetic snapshot of a country that is almost never depicted in such an accessible light.
 North Korean culture is lensed in part through a South Korean perspective, with the final chapter asking: "Is reunification possible?"
 The fact that Yoo isn't regarded as an outsider by the people she's recording allows her to capture a number of revealing, unrehearsed moments that startle in their raw emotion.
 Scattering history lessons and ambiguous imagery amid Ms. Yoo's engagement with North Koreans, her film implicitly asks: What must they think of us?
 Yoo's film is a necessary correction of how we should view or think about what life is really like in North Korea, even if the work feels somewhat limited by its own necessity.
 Though repetitious, this muckraking documentary exposes the dangers of chemicals that corporations put into some of their products.
 Though Whelan's debut filmmaking effort wears some of its homemade characteristics proudly, it wrangles more than enough credible interviewees to make its points.
 Like any of these documentaries, this one's all over the map, but Whelan grounds it in his family.
 A rather slipshod approach to the science of the subject undermines what might otherwise be a very strong film.
 Breezy, Michael Moore-ish environmental documentary by a non-tree-hugging venture capitalist advocates for disclosure of carcinogenic chemicals in everyday products.
 A heartfelt documentary about the chemical industry's aggressive efforts to conceal the thousands of potentially toxic ingredients contained in everyday products.
 A chilling exploration of the toxic underpinnings of the word "fragrance" that appears on detergents and colognes alike. 
 No matter its cinematic derivativeness, "Stink!'s" outcry against continuing to use the American citizenry as chemistry experiment guinea pigs carries with it the unassailable whiff of common sense.
 While Whelan repeats his points too much, it remains gripping and maddening throughout to watch him run into stone walls.
 Even if you know a lot about the period, Trumbo is still full of telling detail and Bryan Cranston's heartfelt performance as the remarkably driven and engagingly human Trumbo makes it well worth catching.
 Despite the dark subject matter there's much levity courtesy of Trumbo's droll wit, plus a roll call of Hollywood legends, including Kirk Douglas, Otto Preminger and an ebullient B-movie producer, Frank King, played with gusto by John Goodman.
 Bryan Cranston does a remarkably effective job of impersonating the man who played such a key role in the era of the McCarthy blacklist, from his raspy voice to his distinctive cigarette holder and his pungent sense of humour.
 With a top-notch cast and a compelling story, Trumbo delivers a fascinating piece of cinema history that easily ranks as one of the best films of 2015.
 With elements that include politics, star power, glamour and money, there is plenty of bite in Trumbo. It's a crackling good tale
 It's full of both gravitas and titillation, as perhaps any true story is; there is the destruction of lives and careers on one hand, and the spectacle of the players on the other - with Hollywood stars of the 40s and 50s as more or less support players
 Some have quibbled over the fact that Elliott and Stuhlbarg don't look much like Wayne and Robinson here but it hardly matters as their performances are so strong, and they're matched by a large and luminous cast.
 The end result is a noble-intentioned attempt to pay tribute to the man responsible for writing Spartacus, Roman Holiday, The Brave One, and Papillion, but one that feels all too familiar in the way that it has been put together.
 Bryan Cranston shines in this remarkable true story about one of the darkest periods in Hollywood's history.
 Louis C. K. delivers a gentle and touching performance as fictitious screenwriter Arlen Hird that gives the film its emotional centre; though why Roach and McNamara needed to introduce a fictional character... isn't immediately clear.
 The film is a labour of love for Bryan Cranston, as Trumbo. As Hollywood's greatest screenwriter, embattled but not beaten, he embodies the old Hemingway definition of courage: "grace under pressure".
 If you are vaguely aware of his peerless reputation -- or of the noble stand Trumbo took during a dark time in American history -- then you'll be content enough with this basic biopic of the man. Even if it isn't a helluva movie.
 Bryan Cranston is irresistible as Dalton Trumbo in this sparkling period drama surrounding the Hollywood Ten.
 Absolutely sterling, compelling drama about the notorious Hollywood blacklist of the 1940s and '50s...Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad) puts in a career-high turn as screenwriter Dalton Trumbo. 
 It's repetitive in places but Trumbo is a moderately interesting character study. It's not putting Dalton Trumbo on a pedestal and asking for him to be declared a saint.
 The fabric that holds "Trumbo" together is the love story of the writer and his devoted, long-suffering wife, Cleo. As played by Diane Lane, Cleo emerges as Trumbo's most ardent supporter and most honest critic. 
 A film so well built it also allows to explore the social and economic state of things at the time and how it affects Trumbo and his personal life. [Full review in Spanish]
 A story so incredible as the fact that Hollywwod was out for a with hunt. [Full review in Spanish]
 In his 1st project on the serious side, after movies like The Campaign, Dinner for Schmucks & Meet the Parents, Jay Roach delivers a rather fine job.
 A film that does justice to screenwriter Dalton Trumbo. [Full review in Spanish]
 The actors have the showmanship to chew the lurid, shopworn material up to bits, savoring it like a Royale with cheese.
 Director/co-star Jackie Earle Haley and his cast serve up a solid slice of Tarantino-lite. But the script unravels with weak third act and over-explained finale. 
 The script veers from comic, narrated episodes to surprising violence, planting early narrative seeds that yield some effective surprises ...
 There's an adequate conclusion waiting for viewers willing to work through a movie they've seen before, though Haley throttles repetition with some welcome screen energy and a love for the genre.
 It's a twisty, kinetic and satisfying thriller with a didn't-see-that-coming climax.
 The third-act twists that sink Jackie Earle Haley's directorial debut are downright Criminal.
 It won't win any awards, but it's not a bad evening out.
 An eleventh hour twist adds a bit of intrigue, and everyone - including Haley himself, as a henchman - seems to be having a pretty good time.
 It owes as much to Quentin Tarantino as the four bunglers owe to Eddie. Yet it doesn't feel like a mere imitation; it has too much wit and too many striking performances for that.
 A profane thriller that so closely resembles the B-movies that followed "The Usual Suspects," "Pulp Fiction" and "Get Shorty," it could be mistaken for an archeological discovery.
 The diverting -- if derivative -- crime drama, directed by Jackie Earle Haley, comes laced with equal parts comedy and lurid violence, a la Quentin Tarantino.
 Haley whips it into something reasonably entertaining even as you start thinking about how truly great "Get Shorty" and Travolta's Chili Palmer were midway through those double-crossing criminal activities.
 "Criminal Activities" is a sneaky, snaky little crime thriller with some pretty impressive plot twists.
 Its combined cast has an all-ages appeal, although Robert Lowell's screenplay struggles to drive through 94 minutes.
 If you don't expect much in terms of originality, there are some good times to be had here.
 All sound and fury, signifying nothing -- just clichs begetting clichs.
 I almost wish that the film would have centered on Travolta and Haley's characters since the plot threads involving the four friends get wrapped up in about half-a-dozen The Usual Suspects wannabe twists.
 Some stylish touches and committed performances enliven this otherwise generic crime thriller.
 An exciting revenge thriller enhanced by 'Pulp Fiction' vibes and a fascinating -- but quirky -- performance by Dan Stevens (as you've never seen him before). 
 a family home is also a prison of perverse history, aspirational envy and twisted revenge. Estranged shows England's class structure to be a closed system, its bricks and mortar staying essentially fixed no matter how deep the genetic pool may run. 
 The transfixing directorial debut of Adam Levins, "Estranged" creates an encroaching sense of imbalance and peril very early on, and doesn't let up until the end credits.
 A well-delivered dark thriller helmed by first-timer Adam Levins.
 Based on true events, and well balanced, the story of "The 33" may be a surprise to many who only know the basics of the event.
 Despite dramatic physical effects during the initial structural collapse, The 33 lacks the claustrophobia expected, playing out like a 70s disaster movie minus the narrative tension.
 Strong drama and inherent humanity prevail to ensure that even the most hard-hearted of viewers will crack and blubber with a lump in their throats.
 A missed opportunity to tell what should be a captivating real-life disaster tale that is instead plodding, scattershot, and lacking in dramatic impetus.
 How a film with this many faults can still deliver the emotive release it's angling for is not, perhaps, as mysterious as it seems - you can hack away at it with a pickaxe, but this story's indestructible.
 The astonishing true life story of The 33 deserves a better than movie than this. Trite above and below ground, it is not suitable for miners. Or anyone else really.
 It's pretty hokey but likable, and the fantasy "last supper" scene is tear-jerking stuff.
 Riggen's account... is more thoughtful than the average disaster movie.
 What it does have is a gripping made-for-the-movies combination of horror and heart as the families of the men gather at the surface, first in protest at the lack of help, then in celebration as the government gets behind the miners' plight.
 A conventional but gripping dramatisation.
 Once seen, instantly forgotten.
 In the end The 33 only grabs on a superficial level.
 The notion of a browned-up Juliette Binoche playing a humble Chilean street-food seller deserves the snorting it will undoubtedly trigger. 
 Riggen methodically juxtaposes crises above and below ground level, the only stylistic surprise being a scene that recalls a hallucinatory moment from Oliver Stone's wholly superior World Trade Center.
 A decent, absorbing film but it all felt more urgent and compelling when it was unfolding on a daily basis on the news.
 The 33 lacks in emotion, construction and staging. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The men's ordeal remains powerfully affecting, although there are long stretches when it is touch and go whether their story will end up buried beneath a mountain of Hollywood cheese and clich.
 Sanitized for Hollywood, a harrowing, real-life story does not always make a good film.
 The film is forgettable, but the story it tells us is a touching one, and worth remembering.
 It focuses on painting emotion that was there anyway, missing a chance to exploit richer plot elements. As a result it is not as powerful as it might have been.
 Stanley Nelson's documentary tracing the rise and fall of black America's most militant movement has a little bit of everything good: mercurial personalities, passion and plenty of drama.
 An even-handed overview of a tumultuous time in U.S. history.
 Exploring activism's role in the '60s struggle for civil rights, this is a powerful look at a contentiously iconic movement.
 The film doesn't shake our suspicion that the stories being told have calcified into legend.
 Why are the Black Panthers not a force today? Has radicalism collapsed? An engrossing return to a forgotten past.
 It might have benefited from a more critical polemic (some of those Panther cats, I believe, weren't all good), but for an analysis of US racial dynamics as seen from the post #ICantBreathe era, it makes for sobering viewing.
 Conventional as a documentary, but speaks about much more than the just the subject at hand.
 Both educational and entertaining, the rise and fall of the most alluring and controversial black organisation of America's late 60s comes to life via facts, vivid images and unique statements.
 Combining archive footage and present-day interviews, and using music to drive the story, Nelson tells a complicated and often violent story in lithe, inventive fashion.
 A pulsing soul-power soundtrack, extensive and rare archive footage and fiercely honest contemporary interviews drive Stanley Nelson's blistering account of the rise and fall of the Black Panther party.
 Vanguard of the Revolution is at its strongest when it entertains female voices: Elaine Brown, Kathleen Cleaver, Ericka Huggins. Their fire is vigorously undimmed.
 Nelson's film mixes rare archival footage with penetrating interviews to explore the successes, failures, myths and realities of the Black Panthers.
 This film is an awakening even for people who watched the original coverage firsthand.
 There's still a crisis in black-white relations, which makes this film timely.
 The thing that struck me watching this was how little things have changed with white privilege and police killing blacks since this group started out as a self defense organization in Oakland, California in 1966.
 Nelson's work, feeling more fragmented than kaleidoscopic, falls short of '60s-activist docs The Weather Underground (2002) or 1971 (2014). But sobering images and snippets of poetic insight linger.
 Obviously, there's more about America's postslavery institutions and their resisters than can fit in a two-hour movie. But with the aid of an extra-funky soundtrack, Vanguard of the Revolution makes a good, fist-pumping start.
 Nelson's documentary shows that the story wasn't as simple as most people remember today.
 Despite the title, not at all a "fan" tribute to a group that like so many others in the mad 1960s imploded through a combination of state repression and its own ineptitude
 The Panthers' confused manifesto included shades of Marxism, Leninism and the black nationalist theories of Malcolm X... But the movement's descent into violence and corruption was swift and fatal, as Mr. Nelson's fine film painstakingly demonstrates.
 Aaron Sorkin's screenplay and Danny Boyle's direction give us a Steve Jobs profile that does not idolise or flatter him. As a result, the film gains respect and we gain insight
 When you have time to absorb all the positives here, from the performances to the script's details, it impresses and lingers.
 Sleek, efficient and spunky, Aaron Sorkin's attempt to distil Steve Jobs' life into one pocket-sized movie reflects Apple products in all but one way: its ambition is alienating enough to render it user-unfriendly.
 A balanced and often critical perspective of the flawed visionary behind Apple, Pixar and everything 'Mac'. 
 Featuring fine performances from the whole cast, as they make Sorkin's sometimes-tricky dialogue sound real, Boyle's film makes you wonder how Steve's friends and colleagues would feel about how impossible and appalling he's made to appear here.
 This is one small corner of a portrait, magnified to the extreme. If you do happen to find this product user-friendly, it will be due to the aptly intuitive design of Fassbender's excellent performance in the title role.
 All respect to Leo, but Fassbender deserves an award just for getting through the dialogue here alone.
 Jobs' insistence on a "closed system completely incompatible with anything else" is a convenient metaphor for the character we see on screen here.
 Sorkin has created something that feels staged and unrealistic. It's as if every key person in Steve Jobs' life wants to complain in the half-hour leading up to each launch.
 Fassbender, in a superb performance, portrays [Jobs] as a genius -- but also as a painfully flawed human being.
 This screenplay is staggeringly lazy. It's factually incorrect in almost every way, consisting of self-satisfied, expository patter and cringingly simplistic characterisation.
 Steve Jobs, a study of the late co-founder of Apple that takes place in the hours and minutes prior to three separate product launches, is a powerful film with little subtlety.
 Though it will undoubtedly mean more to people somewhat intimately familiar with Apple's history, Steve Jobs is a nevertheless affecting piece of cinema that never attempts to canonise its subject matter.
 ... the drive, the philosophy, the ruthlessness, the prescience of Jobs, a man who... redefined the way we interact with the world. 
 'Steve Jobs' is a dreamy pop song that repeats the chorus far too often. But it sure does play a mean hook.
 Boyle -- and maybe Sorkin, though the domineering Sorkinese makes it hard to surmise -- is doing something smarter, even outright subversive.
 Though it is a decidedly dark portrait that shimmers into shape before us, Michael Fassbender infuses a comic bounce to his performance that neatly counters his regular outbursts of despotism and bad fatherhood.
 If you loved The Social Network, you'll also love this film, but if you hated it, this one will feel as an insufferable drag despite the great effort of everyone involved. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Clever, funny and utterly engaging, this is both excellent and accessible.
 Thank you Danny Boyle, thank you Aaron Sorkin, thank you linesmen and ball boys; the Ashton Kutcher certified piece of excrement "Jobs" has been successfully eclipsed by this inventive and kinetic glimpse into the life of tech icon Steve Jobs.
 Though J.P. Sniadecki doesn't elucidate any broad structural motive, his film gradually adopts an engrossing rhythm among its clatter of steel and ambient chatter. 
 By the end, the real focus of The Iron Ministry isn't the train but the world zipping past it.
 Designed as a broadly impressionistic vision of the ways the country's vast railroad system is used, the pic is non-ideological and intermittently engrossing, catering to viewers especially drawn to this type of non-narrative docu filmmaking.
 The parallel tracks of railways and cinema profitably converge yet again in J.P.Sniadecki's outstanding, semi-experimental documentary The Iron Ministry, a pungently immersive evocation of traveling on Chinese trains.
 What emerges is a sense of an optimistic people well aware of how hard times can be but convinced they might be getting better.
 Coolly formal yet ceaselessly tactile... works from lovely visual abstraction to the most material of physical concerns... immaculate [sound design], a song for ears that crave the sound of rail travel and the insistent buzz of human commerce. 
 The overheard conversations touch on social issues (e.g., China's rapid industrialization and rampant unemployment) addressed more thoroughly in numerous recent Chinese films.
 "The Iron Ministry" is neither boring nor confining, which is just to say that it's not a long trip through a faraway country. It's a work of art - vivid and mysterious and full of life.
 Filmmaker J.P. Sniadecki withholds judgment and resists editorializing, but the result is frustratingly nebulous and devoid of context.
 Seamlessly rides many rails through China to intimately experience sounds, sights, and even smells, alongside restless people on the move through space and economic change.
 Amid the rumble, Sniadecki's camera spies such a variety of life that it soon seems as though these trains provide a stage for the full spectrum of human activity.
 A subtly political film about the hopes and frustrations of ordinary Chinese citizens that is as dramatic in its own odd way as a kung-fu costume drama.
 The Iron Ministry is a rather odd work for many reasons, even if its depiction of class and ethnicity on various trains across modern China captures an essential moment.
 Grief unleashes the possibility of change in this wrenching drama, allowing for an unexpected emotional thaw that rewards both stubborn optimism and traumatic resilience.
 An explosive family drama whose intense performances can't always compensate for such a heavy-handed scenario, Bad Hurt nonetheless marks a promising directorial debut from playwright Mark Kemble.
 Bad Hurt wallows in heartbreak, dashed dreams and death. So why is it uplifting all the same?
 The material remains startlingly sincere, leading with secure, profound characterizations and a sensational understanding of toxic environments. 
 An artfully drawn and beautifully acted film about a working-class family grappling with a drug-addicted ex-vet son and a mentally and physically challenged daughter.
 The film hinges on a powerful central performance by Karen Allen as Elaine, the wife and mother trying to hold it all together.
 Exhaustion of mind and body is the primary sentiment in this sensitively observed family drama, drawn with an intimacy that is palpable and uncompromising.
 Throughout, the filmmakers live up to the movie's title. But as the story comes to a close, they opt to wrap it in comforting clich, and they turn a miserable but credible viewing experience into a confounding one.
 A bittersweet drama about a family struggling to maintain dignity in the face of a variety of life challenges.
 Although affecting and well acted, the family drama "Bad Hurt" is too airless and depressing to fully engage.
 Although Bad Hurt traffics in tough material, it is filled with little moments of heart.
 Despite some powerful moments as the characters work through various demons and secrets, the film feels more contrived than authentic, compromising the emotional impact.
 In spite of the harrowing details, the film builds compassion for even the most disturbing characters and scenes.
 [Bad Hurt shows] the truth is loud, violent, and unpredictable.
 Zariwny lacks Roth's love for peeling flesh and tar-colored blood-geysers, making this all feel weirdly pointless.
 Scene for scene, line for line, gag for gag, it's basically the same movie. And the original was no masterpiece to begin with.
 Travis Zariwny predictably scrubs all the edges and eccentricities down, however, fashioning another impersonally polished cover jam.
 A remake-sorry, reboot-of [the] 2002 movie of the same title in which attractive young people contract a super flesh-eating virus is, not surprisingly, more of the same.
 Who benefits from the existence of this film?
 Roth isn't exactly known for being critically defensible or for exercising directorial restraint, but Travis Z somehow manages to up the gore quotient.
 The "Cabin Fever" remake is pointless, primarily concerned with serving the financial interests of its producers, not meeting the needs of franchise fans.
 I've you've seen Eli Roth's Cabin Fever, there's no need to watch this 2016 remake. If you HAVEN'T seen Roth's Cabin Fever, start there, and re-read my previous sentence.
 This dud sets a new standard for the term 'pointless remake.'
 Roth's charcoal sense of humor is missing, the cruel irony lacking its hellish zing.
 Unfortunately, director Travis Z doesn't quite have Roth's sense of humor about the whole thing, and takes it all very seriously.
 A superior remake, even if it is still abysmal nonsense.
 It feels flat throughout, the bloodletting disappoints, and perhaps most damning of all, it neuters "pancakes."
 There just is no point whatsoever to any of this childish, witless nonsense.
 Unlike many horror fans, I'm usually open to remakes, but Cabin Fever's humorless, overly reverential redo might set a new standard for pointlessness.
 The whole thing is a likability vacuum. 
 The symptoms are familiar: Nausea, fatigue and impatience accompanied by excessive eye roll and exasperation. Yup! Must be "Cabin Fever," a mind-numbing disease once believed eradicated. 
 Crimson Peak is a disappointment because it doesn't have a particularly interesting plot nor does its characters end up being too charismatic, even if it does show the visual inventivness of Del Toro. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Crimson Peak supersedes homage and becomes something new; a re-original.
 Del Toro understands that sex and violence are what movies are for. He wants to literally show you his characters' insides.
 When Guillermo del Toro set out to co-write and direct Crimson Peak, a work of Gothic horror as gorgeous as it is preposterous, the word "restraint" must have been missing from his movie-making mission statement.
 Gifted Mexican filmmaker Guillermo Del Toro (Pan's Labyrinth) makes an odd misstep with this overwrought gothic horror thriller, which is so bloated that it's more silly than scary. 
 Crimson Peak is the perfect film for that small subgroup of moviegoers that doesn't see shivers and manic giggling as incompatible.
 The story quickly grew predictable and bland, and the design of the ghosts and the role they played in the story left me feeling disappointed.
 There's a point at which someone who is an expert in something can go from teacher to pedant. 
 Yes, the script is a tad silly at times but a game cast -- Wasikowska was born to wander dark corridors -- and del Toro's eye for detail make for a stylish and scary shocker.
 Remarkable in every aspect, and the classic tone is appreciated given the current tendencies in ghost movies. [Full Review in Spanish]
 This wanna-be "classic, old-fashioned, grand Hollywood production in the Gothic romance genre" becomes ridiculously graphic and violent.
 Sumptuously stylized and sound-scaped; there are a few Victorian moments of sublimated psychosexuality. But the sensation-novel plot and ghost-story atmosphere are too steamed-out here, chugging on; the ending gets too stabby, brutal and modern.
 As lush and atmospheric a film as the American cinema has created in years...
 The movie's real star is the Sharpes' decaying mansion... a chilling living presence in its own right.
 [It] is fascinating for the myriad ways it veers right and wrong, and it speaks to the stronger passages that their weaker brethren can be overlooked within reason.
 The set is spectacular, the cast is stellar, but Guillermo del Toro's haunted costume drama is short on drama - and scares.
 Crimson Peak is a film more concerned with style than characters and the mystery/romance/horror plot; despite an interesting theme, the characters are thin and the plot is predictable.
 A film that duly fulfills its ambitions, it chills and excites with its revisionist visuals and reminds us that the best "stories with ghosts" are allusions to deep-seated societal fears and repressed emotions. This is one film not to miss.
 You can feel Del Toro's seal and personality, but it unfortunately misses the level of his better works, and you can feel the studio's pressure all around. [Full Review in Spanish]
 With a reasonable smattering of gore, and some absolutely breathtaking set and costume design, del Toro's final product is a truly unique beast.
 Keeping the audience off balance is key to any supernatural horror movie. In that sense, Drew Hall's Convergence is pretty successful, because for its first half I had no idea what the hell was going on.
 Convergence is a haunting tale of redemption ... punctuated by 'Hostel'-like torture porn.
 A gripping police procedural thriller from writer-director Alberto Rodrguez with understated character (and political) depth as Spain's fascist past looms over all the characters.
 Rodrguez captures this suffocating and inescapably corrupt world through a noirish, gothic cinematography.
 Allegory washes up against mystery in this superb period piece.
 Marshland is steeped in ominous atmosphere, but the intrigue packs few surprises - its murky political undertow never quite pays off.
 With each new discovery, the film becomes more intriguing and doubts are raised about almost everyone, barring the director who has done a first-class job.
 A film that keeps asking questions right up until its final, haunting image. The night-time car chase is pretty great too.
 A visually striking noir thriller set against a backdrop of sex, drugs and political intrigue.
 This gritty, very intense Spanish thriller has the feel of an Iberian True Detective.
 How far you enjoy Marshland will depend on your enthusiasm for the ritual of genre -- and, in particular, for the type of story where violence against women is mainly an excuse to probe the troubled souls of men.
 WOW. Seriously, just WOW. This multi-award-winning drama from Spain ranks as one of the best films of 2015 from a multitude of angles.
 The swampy lowlands at the mouth of Spain's Guadalquivir River, as lensed by cinematographer Alex Catalan, help liberate the film from its genre moorings to produce a striking new form of Southern Gothic.
 A couple of mismatched cops in the immediate post-Franco era investigate the brutal murders of two teenage girls in Alberto Rodriguez's satisfyingly atmospheric neo-noir.
 Visually and atmospherically, Marshland is suffused with an eerie oppressiveness, entirely at odds with the region's reputation for light-hearted alegria.
 The novel settings -- rural Southern post-Franco Spain -- sets this convoluted Spanish serial killer thriller apart. 
 The elegant widescreen compositions and use of light and shadows are strongly reminiscent of Seven and Zodiac, and the film's eerie, disconcerting mood brings to mind HBO's True Detective. 
 Marshland has superb performances and a heady atmosphere, but its greatest strength is finding resolution while letting the mystery be. 
 Um filme que, sob a superfcie de suspense policial, constri um painel complexo de um pas lidando com feridas que jamais fecharam.
 While we're still pretending that True Detective season 2 didn't happen, we have Alberto Rodrguez's thriller Marshland to satisfy our yearning for moody detectives investigating a disturbing case that shakes their faith in humanity.
 Whilst its broad plot might be a touch too neat, Marshland manages to say quite a lot about entrenched neglect and ignorance both within and without systems of power
 Even if it stays true to the conventions of the crime drama, it dares to explore complicated themes of the political and social issues of the time its set on. [Full review in Spanish]
 The most debilitating thing about this whole soggy mince pie of a picture is that it's narrated by a dog.
 The Coopers are, quite simply, bad company.
 There are moments of genuine inspiration to be found, but such is the intent to tick every Christmas box the good is outweighed rather heavily by the bad.
 Love the Coopers sets itself up to explore some interesting if not original questions, but it baulks at probing too deep and instead retreats into schmaltz.
 Despite solid performances all round, this isn't as good as the sum of its parts - it's a series of cleverly constructed sketches, culminating in a final act that never quite delivers the pay-off.
 Love The Coopers may not be everyone's cup of tea at the holidays, but if you have ever had to prepare a special dinner, or know that some people just don't get along in the same room, you can relate.
 A bunch of A-listers plays out a string of intertwining plot threads, all in search of a heavily eggnogged family hug.
 This is for Christmas movie masochists only.
 After spending time with them you won't know whether to hang the mistletoe or yourself!
 Full of clichs and dumb humor, the film is barely entertaining, even with Steve Martin as the narrator. [Full review in Spanish]
 This may look like it's going to be a zany Christmas romp, but it's really a warm exploration of family connections, essentially an American take on Love Actually's multi-strand comedy-drama.
 With moments of unique lucidity, this movie occupies its place among the classics that you can infinitely re-watch during the holidays, bringing its acid outlook about these kind of gatherings. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Christmas With The Coopers employs an episodic structure that recalls Love Actually but falls woefully short of Richard Curtis' festive romance.
 Wasted the grace of his talented comedians in a script that is nothing more than a sum of scattered sketches. [Full review in Spanish]
 Lots of photogenic folks serve up white whine, usually weak laughs, or suddenly candid chats with strangers. The Hollywood contrivances are cringing. Dundering in its efforts to melt your heart to slush.
 "Love the Coopers" isn't immune to a few over-the-top moments and it never met a well-trodden plot device it didn't like, but its unabashed heart and hopefulness is akin to a warm, cozy knitted throw.
 It may take more risks than your standard Hallmark Channel Christmas movie, but for a holiday film, there's such little faith placed in our characters to live and breath.
 It's a terrible waste of talent. Bah, humbug.
 Full of embarrasing scenes that make you cringe, it's a shame that its director couldn't do best with the film's talented cast. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Only occasionally does a moment ring true, thanks largely to talented actors subduing a balky script like parents wrestling a petulant kid onto Santa's lap.
 This one will leave you terrified of your own home, jumping at every creak of the floorboard or bump in the night. And God help you if you happen to live in a house with an attic.
 Very scary normal activity.
 Another quality horror film damaged by the increasingly dopey found footage format.
 Hangman doesn't rewrite found footage history, but it plays to enough of the genre's strengths in this creepy little home invasion tale.
 Doesn't offer connective tissue, bellylaughs, and scares. It's just a shapeless creation that didn't survive the production process, rendering a promising premise forgettable.
 There's a whole lot of arid downtime in between the ostensibly colorful set pieces, and on the whole the movie seems like it was edited with a blender.
 "Freaks of Nature" proves a lifeless combination of alien invasion saga, zombie thriller, vampire romance and high-school drama.
 Jack is in love, but Maria and her family are driving him crazy. It's almost like he's living in a sitcom, which is great for him professionally. He gives up writing a pilot for Space Bar (Cheers in space) and pens a sitcom based on his life. How meta!
 The comedy is essentially sweet-natured; the conflict that will keep our lovebirds apart, so crucial to the genre, does not go down quite so well.
 Amind-blowing revelation from the silver screen: Life is affected by the life-changing decisions we make.
 Maybe there is some evolution to the Bond character in this movie from the old low-brow misogynistic, testosterone-fueled Bond of the past into something more rounded, grounded and thoughtful.
 Either a return to form, a winking homage to the whole series, or a dumbing down of the angsty, introspective Bond of the Daniel Craig era. Choose up sides.
 ... feels like a Best of Bond compilation ... Bluenoses who once complained of Bond's indiscriminate bed-hopping need not worry. It's all Craig can do to suppress a yawn mid-seduction.
 For his latest adventure, James Bond mixes the personal drama of Skyfall with the vintage globe-hopping action of the previous 23 movies. 
 It's the end of an era, but not the end of James Bond.
 feels slightly disjointed, as if all the parts aren't quite lining up and the progression of action that is supposed to build emotionally instead feels more like little more than a series of plot points. 
 Spectre dances in the gate like an antsy thoroughbred from its very first frames, as if it just can't wait to be a James Bond film.
 A film that takes from the classic bond movies but lacks a fundamental element for it to work: a time period. [Full review in Spanish]
 That's right. In a film that feels about 20 minutes too long you don't get to the money shot for almost two hours! And with that much time to kill you may find yourself dreaming of a few martinis - be they shaken or stirred!
 Instead of propelling Spectre over the top where it belongs, Waltz instead becomes its unhappy avatar, the thinly grinning face of sadly diminished returns.
 It's a solid, serious spy film that still has a playful glint in its eye.
 plotting is convoluted, maybe even tortured, though I do wonder if all its conspiracies and turns don't constitute a MacGuffin. 
 Most of the film plays like a game of Connect Four, piling up and grouping together characters and schemes from Craig's last three films in vaguely related ways, in the hopes that the connections to Bond's past will bring them some emotional heft.
 Essentially a well-acted Fast and Furious movie, with more British accents. It's good but not great.
 Spectre features all you would expect from a great Bond film: amazing gadgets, exotic locations, stunts, a new Aston Martin and a sprinkling of humour. 
 With a perfect blend of a compelling narrative and breathtaking action sequences, Spectre marks a return to greatness for the James Bond franchise, whose past two entries had struggled to find the right mix of these two vital elements.
 A fairly muddled entry into the Bond canon.
 A film best enjoyed in theaters with your family, and you'll maybe have a good time, but those looking for more than popcorn entertainment should stay away. [Full Review in Spanish]
 In their second 007 collaboration, Mendes and Craig lighten the tone considerably. Here at last, we sense, the two are actually having fun with a franchise that originally found success, after all, as equal parts adventure, romance and spoof.
 Spectre is both modern and cutting edge as well as classic, vintage James Bond.
 It doesn't exactly soar and the lack of levity grates, yet the Spooks movie still delivers some appealingly old-school mayhem ...
 In the end it does not feel much different from an above-par television episode but then that is probably no bad thing and it does leave you wishing that British film-makers would make better use of an old reliable such as Peter Firth.
 "Undone by sentimentality," grumbles a senior secret agent in "Spooks: The Greater Good," having been foiled when a long-favored rendezvous location proves a trap. He might as well be talking about the film itself.
 It's nonsense, but there's fun to be had in the endless double-crosses, and fans of the TV show's trademark gruff face-offs won't feel disappointed.
 A solidly entertaining espionage thriller; not up there in the first rank of spy movies but a decent enough placeholder to keep fans of the genre happy until the next James Bond.
 The film passes the time perfectly tolerably, but it is no more comfortable in this less intimate medium than were ancient movie versions of The Sweeney and Callan. 
 The big screen proves an unforgiving canvas: for both the show's hitherto high-end production values and its topical urgency.
 This may be bereft of the bombast that Americans expect from their spy adventures, but as a modern spin on a John Le Carr-style thriller, it's a stylish and smart action film.
 If you can overlook the film's weaker elements, however, then Spooks still entertains consistently enough to make it a genre entry worth investing time in, whether or not you've previously been a fan of the series.
 Led by the honorably dour Firth and the charisma-free Harington, MI-5 is convoluted and dull ...
 Written, shot and cut to the demands of TV. Dull and cluttered with over-the-top intrigues.
 A dreary direct-to-video-grade adventure that should have been terminated before it ever began.
 Nalluri confronts the familiarity of it all with commitment to speed and a general awareness that while his effort isn't going to look like a blockbuster, it can periodically play like one. 
 A film that, like most of its ilk these days, is more interested in action than motivation.
 There's a surplus of double-dealings, plot twists and international locales to justify the theatrical treatment.
 "MI-5" is no action b-movie classic, but it manages to weave a complex and compelling narrative knot, mix in some absorbing musings about the nature of doing right and following orders, and pack in some nail-biting shoot outs. 
 Spooks: The Greater Good, though nothing entirely new, is a pacy, well-crafted spy-thriller that certainly matches the competition.
 It's difficult to call it great, more like Spooks: The Quite Good.
 Can an enduring, hardy British television show make it on the big screen?
 Ultimately, it's Firth's film, and he ensures it's never less than thoroughly watchable.
 A story about intergenerational bonding in a non-icky way, it's not for the whole family, but it is one hell of a ride for anyone with a lot of miles on the biological clock.
 Given the film comes in at a shade under 80 minutes, Weitz deserves credit for packing a lot in; it's an economical movie in every way, but one rich in life ...
 The fabulous Lily Tomlin finally gets the lead role she deserves in this smart, engaging comedy-drama. 
 With not a wasted frame in its taut 80 minutes, this is deserving of your attention as one of the year's best movies even if it's being released in the middle of August.
 This is the sort of accomplished indie film that we have been missing the last few years, one that couldn't be made in the mainstream but which tells a recognisable, important human story without feeling preachy.
 A bracing, very entertaining little road movie with more grit and gumption than the subject matter might have suggested.
 ...a lot more conventional than it pretends. 
 A fresh and intelligent film about scorned women but also really strong. A comedy to enjoy with your family. [Full review in Spanish]
 A comedy with hints of drama and a simple plot, but with a strong message. [Full review in Spanish]
 Tomlin is undone by much of the dialogue, even when you get a sense she's putting her own brash spin on it.
 Lily Tomlin is excellent as Elle. [Full Review in spanish]
 Grandma [is] a transgressive and innovative option for the audience and not just a film about unwanted pregnancies, abortion, homosexualtiy or feminism. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It's a movie that invites reflection, but is also entertaining. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A modest but effective feminist dramedy. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Lily Tomlin is a tridimensional and unforgettable character, you cant keep your eyes off the screen. [Full review in Spanish]
 Paul Weitz, the co-creator of American Pie, wrote the clever, consistently funny, surprisingly affecting script especially for Tomlin, who hearts back with one of the best performances of the year.
 Grandma is a crowd-pleaser potent with Tomlin's DNA, from the razor-sharp wit in dialogue to the way the movie itself speaks to sometimes pointed, but necessary ends.
 Grandma never intended to be more than the feel good movie it is. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Wonderfully, aggressively feminist, a rare crossgenerational portrait of two women getting to know each other amidst a crisis. Smart and acerbically funny.
 Grandma may be a short film, but unlike many other films in the genre, does not let go at any time thanks to its beautiful story and great performances from actresses. [Full review in Spanish]
 Bahrani's most accomplished film to date.
 It's a mesmerizing and disturbing portrait, elevated by two strong performances
 Audiences will no doubt notice the powerful and important role played by the score, from Australian screen composers Antony Partos and Matteo Zingales; important and remarkably effective
 Worried about how you're going to pay that next clump of bills? Then 99 Homes will bring on long and lasting nightmares.
 99 Homes isn't just about chasing the American dream its titular dwellings represent, after all, but about its destruction.
 The two powerful lead performances in this tough, emotional film are strong recommendations on their own.
 The rackets and scams it exposes are all real, the result of extensive research. It's a gripping thriller with good guys and bad guys, but everyone in it is a victim, including Rick Carver. Bahrani's achievement in this film is breathtaking.
 It is smartly, if predictably told, with a flair for capturing moments of heightened emotions regularly involving people we meet only once or twice.
 It is perhaps the most compelling film yet made about the global economic downturn and the everyday people whose lives it tore apart.
 A powerfully affecting modern tragedy.
 a dramatic thriller about predatory capitalism that cuts deep to the economic bone in the way it reminds us how one person's attaining his dream usually comes at the expense of someone else's
 A brutally honest, compelling drama about America's housing crisis.
 A breathless thriller with expertly shot "you are there" camerawork and a rising score, but it also comes from moments of conflict that are pitched at a very high level. Emotions are high, lives are at stake, and something is very, very wrong.
 99 Homes is a timely topical drama that packs real punch the deeper it goes into the rabbit hole of lawless capitalization on destroyed lives.
 A sizzling right-on morality story pleading for justice for the vulnerable workers who lose their homes.
 An electric melodrama ... [with] Andrew Garfield, in his best role so far, supported by an outstanding supporting cast
 Michael Shannon gives an exceptional performance as a real estate broker who is absolutely determined to succeed in a business where most are failing, by any means necessary. This film effectively shows the human tragedy of home foreclosures.
 Shannon's cold-blooded villain is compelling, too, snarling a string of heartless maxims and giving us a chilling glimpse of American capitalism red in tooth and claw.
 By the way, Shannon ("Boardwalk Empire") is brilliant in the role. I truly admire this actor. He is going to win the Oscar some day. His performance in "99 Homes" should have him a nomination.
 Sustained rhythm, urgent framing, and a perniciously overbearing score ensure this second venture into the darkness of a systemic failure will not be forgotten so quickly. 
 Tucker Green certainly isn't shy about testing her audience's patience, and while she can sometimes get a bit too enamored with her own moody, elliptical atmospherics, there's clearly a unique imagination at work here ...
 The main body of the movie is a slow, repetitious study of the family's daily life ...
 An intimate, earnest and astute depiction of a family dynamic, picking up on all of the idiosyncrasies and nuances of a somewhat relatable household, full of repressed feelings. 
 However willfully obscured the narrative may be, the emotional truth of every moment, in the moment is always piercingly clear and punishingly accessible.
 It's nicely shot, superbly acted and extremely frustrating. 
 An impressive slice-of-life drama that's tinged with unease and strangeness
 While some might find its conclusion faintly ridiculous, buy into the premise and you'll experience an unexpectedly joyous finale.
 A soulful drama that heralds the arrival of a new voice in British cinema.
 The title and central concept may be ripe with religious allusions, but there's no heavy-handed allegorising here. Nor does the film ever veer off into soapy drama: forget about any shock reveals or intrigues.
 A mysterious and intimate fable in the guise of gritty social realism, simply and powerfully acted.
 Second Coming is an enigmatic and quietly impressive piece of storytelling.
 Overall this is a British film of rare ambition and imagination, which builds to a final image of heart-stopping grace.
 Heralds the emergence of a major new filmmaking talent in Debbie Tucker Green.
 The pace will be too slow for some but, still, if you make it to the end, you'll come away chuffed.
 Leaves no doubt that its central supernatural event is 100% real, yet it makes absolutely no case for it whatsoever, and refuses to even engage with it.
 In a highly nuanced central performance, Marshall is both engaging and evasive, perfectly matching the fluid tone of Tucker Green's enigmatic urban parable.
 We see a family at its best and at its worst, with the grumpy mealtime silences and the playful banter. Much of this is down to the first-rate performances from Elba and Marshall.
 It's an effective thriller that sets out to scare the living daylights out of even the most skeptical viewer and delivers in spades.
 "The Pack" won't make anyone forget "Jaws" - or even "Cujo."
 We learn nothing much about the family members except that outsmarting dogs doesn't seem to be their forte. Also not a forte of anyone involved in this project: originality in picking a name.
 Despite the interesting openings the film punctures in its formula, the detours from the expected course of events are short and return us firmly to known genre territory.
 The attractiveness of the package and the steady pace at which it doles out the action more than make up for the character shortcomings in one of the best animals-run-amok horror movies in recent memory.
 Ultimately, these feral dogs pose no danger that couldn't be solved by staying inside, boarding the windows and barricading the doors. It's not a bad approach to the film itself.
 "Take Me to the River" falls woefully short on offering a serious contribution to the history of African American-inspired music.
 An often vibrant documentary about the making of an album of the same title, seeking to connect generations.
 "Take Me to the River" is at its most interesting when zeroing in on the back-and-forth between musicians of different eras ...
 Not so much a traditional documentary as a musical celebration of Memphis' status as what host Terrence Howard calls one of the 'special places on this Earth'...
 There's magic in the music and the men and women who make it. Maybe they put Mavis Staples at the end because nobody could follow her.
 "Take Me to the River" includes just enough history of the civil rights era to lend it gravitas. The color-blind recording practices of studios like Stax were an anomaly at the time and are well worth noting.
 An overdue homage to a city that for close to a decade was home to the second largest black business in America.
 There's some talk about the collaboration's significance, and there's some racially charged history to relate, but the real point is to hear these oldsters one last time, to remember and maybe even discover what they gave us. 
 With better direction and execution, and a more substantial budget and judicious editing, it could have been so much more.
 A must for music lovers.
 While the work is joyous and respectful, the movie is poorly directed, frequently decimating pure musicianship to spotlight banal conversations that add little to the overall flow of the feature. 
 It feels like a mishmash effort overall, more a home movie than a theatrical release. That's fine. If you approach it on those terms, you can't help but feel the love, too.
 A moving tribute to a grand piece of Americana.
 The premise for this documentary couldn't be more stilted, and some of the matchups are enough to make you wince. But there are a few striking intergenerational moments.
 While those sessions result in full songs, some of the most memorable, iconic tunes in music history, this film never coalesces into something greater than a collection of mildly interesting pieces.
 Three of the guitar marvels shown here - Hubert Sumlin, Teenie Hodges and Skip Pitts - have died since filming. This is a marginal but worthwhile footnote to their legacy.
 Flawed as it is, "River" reminds us where all the great music came from.
 Even if the filmmaking loses focus at times, the personalities on-screen are consistently engaging, and the experimental collaborations yield some toe-tapping tracks.
 Take Me to the River is a good-spirited but patchy documentary, less about dropping beats and more about dropping names.
 While you may stick around for the stories, the film's true draw is the music.
 In form and content, plotting and politics, the film is egregiously disguised as a smug, inspirational piece, but in reality, it is the cinematic equivalent of being offered free hugs from Donald Trump.
 A strange and relaxed film that feels like the Levinson of the good old days. [Full review in Spanish]
 Rock the Kasbah hides a much more predictable and tedious story of redemption. [Full review in Spanish]
 We stand before a lazy piece of work that includes well established actors and avoids totally ridiculing itself because of its protagonist, Bruce Willis being tough, Kate Hudson showing off her beauty and an excellent soundtrack. [Full Review in Spanish]
 An interesting cast and premise that feels like a missed opportunity. [Full review in Spanish]
 Bill Murray is everything in this movie... sadly it's not enough. A weird and failed movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 Leaving aside the galloping misogyny, 'Rock the Kasbah' just isn't remotely funny or smart.
 Turns out, it's ruinously hard to raise a smile at IEDs and arms deals gone awry, especially in a conflict that's still raging. No doubt it's meant to be satire, but it feels like profiteering.
 Rock the Kasbah feels likes the pathetic last wheezes of the Baby Boomer Entitlement Project (Bro Division).
 On paper, this could have been excellent; as it stands, it's painful and futile for all involved.
 Murray has rarely been so charmless in a movie ...
 Singularly fails to charm - and even Murray's on faltering form.
 A resounding misfire.
 It's neither funny nor feelgood, but its biggest crime is wasting Murray, left trying to mine laughs from unfunny circumstances.
 Unfunny, and also casually offensive.
 It's a strangely lacklustre film that's happy to plonk Murray in a vaguely interesting crisis situation -- in this case, war-torn Afghanistan -- and just hope for the best.
 Barry Levinson's film, loosely inspired by the true story of reality TV show Afghan Star, comes at its subject matter from entirely the wrong direction.
 A dog's dinner of a movie which not even the usually reliable Bill Murray can raise above the level of confused, cliched claptrap.
 Murray is entertaining but the plot seems entirely arbitrary with characters such as Kate Hudson's happy hooker Merci popping up without much rhyme or reason. A real disappointment.
 Murray's performance really is one of very few saving graces in this truly underwhelming piece of cinema. 
 It's a fascinating look at modern journalism - but perhaps not always for the reasons its makers intended.
 Its endeavor in capturing the global downfall of the media and this downfall's continuing eradication of one of the most respected professions in human history is every inch the hard truth.
 Mapes and Rather resent the way that the debate gets bogged down in the documents without focusing on the larger issue, but the film gets bogged down in just the same way.
 The casting cannot save a slightly ho-hum story that crosses the Atlantic badly.
 The movie is wordy, worthy and often bombastic in dialogue, with Blanchett the backbone of the story while Redford's careful, nuanced portrayal of the nation's most trusted news anchor is a study in understatement.
 Solid but uninspiring.
 Redford is marvellous but even Blanchett can't do anything with the screenplay's messy rendition of Mapes, who too often plays like a mushy rom-com heroine.
 Blanchett is terrific as Mapes, juggling hard journalism and home life, serving breakfast to her son while fielding tough-as-nails phone calls.
 That generic title obscures a surprisingly complex exploration of the real-life events surrounding the fall of iconic American newscaster Dan Rather in 2004.
 Anchored by a blazing performance by Cate Blanchett as the resolute Mapes and a studiedly cooler one from Robert Redford as legendary US newscaster Dan Rather, Truth delivers a gripping account.
 As a case study in journalism and ethics, the film is intriguing. As drama, it stutters.
 Truth is well made, but a little too pleased with itself.
 A captivating real life drama that's up there with other great films about journalism. [Full review in Spanish]
 A well built script that balances the professional work aspect of journalism while also showing how this affects their personal lives. [Full review in Spanish]
 A good drama about how to handle an editorial department when there are interest conflicts with the government. [Full review in Spanish]
 The movie fails by it's own premise, why do we need to feel empathy for two journalists that screwed up? no matter how you feel about Bush. [Full review in Spanish]
 Predicatable, old and conservative, using the old strategy of manequism of a true story. [Full review in Spanish]
 Sadly, Vanderbilt isn't Fincher and neither is Pakula, his work might be good, but it lacks personality. [Full review in Spanish]
 A great film that surprisingly didn't make a lot of noise, hopefully time will give it a place that praises all it's virtues and great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
 Based on true events, the film stands out because of the great performances by Blanchett and Redford. [Full review in Spanish]
 A heartfelt and earnest homespun comedy about the family ties that bind us all together.
 A novel setting surrenders to a seriously corny rural romance with not nearly enough laughs to put it over. 
 Good nature counts for something, but it's all so comfy you may fall asleep.
 Apparently too close to the story to recognize how ill suited she was to translating its charms to the screen, Trigiani has emerged with nothing but corny, stilted Americana, like something Garrison Keillor might burp out on a really off day.
 The warmth of spirit behind this project allows its missteps to be mostly forgiven.
 Director Adriana Trigiani, adapting her best-selling novel, delivers the hackneyed material with good cheer, eliciting bright performances from an [excellent] ensemble cast.
 Nothing feels believable in "Big Stone Gap," a bungled, charm-free look at small-town life in the South in the late '70s.
 Trigiani doesn't push the material into any energetic directions, but she does capture the sway of the town, better with atmosphere than dramatics.
 The plot itself has little momentum, and what should feel dramatic instead feels inert.
 It's tempting to say "Big Stone Gap" is greeting-card pretty and sweet, but that doesn't quite fit because these days greeting cards seem to have developed a bit of an edge. "Big Stone Gap" is edge-free.
 That the creaky romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" attracted such a large ensemble of talented name actors only makes this country-fried turkey feel like an even more notable miss.
 Unpretentious and it goes down easy, like sweet tea brewed by sunshine.
 Sure, the script can be simpler than a diner menu. And at times the nostalgia seems manufactured like the goodies at a Cracker Barrel gift shop, but...Big Stone Gap proves to be...a nice change of pace from the summer popcorn-movie season.
 The movie ambles along amiably enough for a while; it's better if you are a fan of one or more members of the cast.
 Brutally mediocre.
 By the time we get to the final, borderline ludicrous moments in Big Stone Gap, I wasn't even surprised by the overwhelming sappiness of it all.
 Flat comedy about small-town '70s life lacks laughs.
 "Bleeding Heart" may deliver some much needed catharsis, but it's ultimately a hollow film that isn't concerned with consequences or the echoing cycle of violence, just vanquishing the bad guy, reclaiming a dime store sense of freedom, and not much more.
 "Bleeding Heart" is a fascinating film, though a tad predictable. If nothing else, it recognizes the underappreciated work of Jessica Biel and Zosia Mamet, and places writer/director Diane Bell at the forefront of exciting indie filmmakers.
 Ironies are sliced thick and violence offers little surprise, but the feature manages matters of the heart quite well, even with little narrative to explore. 
 Good movie, bad title. 
 Bleeding Heart shows that all the asanas in the world can't change a man with hate in his heart.
 Biel turns in a fine performance as the unlikely violent hero, but Mamet excels in a role far different than her Shoshanna on HBO's Girls.
 Despite its non-exploitative approach to its subject, the film... is too schematic and obvious to have the desired impact.
 There's a core of a good idea here, but the film itself is pale and anemic.
 It pales in comparison to the recent epic saga tweeted by Aziah King about two strippers' unapologetic road trip from Detroit to Tampa, Fla., that went viral on the Internet.
 Though violent and thrilling, Bleeding Heart is first and foremost a film about healing.
 There may not be much surprising here, but this is a smartly sensitive depiction of abuse and redemption that never descends into caricature.
 A potentially intriguing examination of family bonds and abusive relationships is relegated to the background in this generic revenge thriller.
 If anything, this reminds me how much I'd like to see both Anderson and Biel - hell, even Mamet - in a better film than this.
 Bleeding Heart takes subject matter deserving of mature, thoughtful treatment and distorts reality into a series of soap opera clichs. 
 Why does Michael Shannon get the best written part in a lesbian drama?
 May be a familiar David-versus-Goliath tale, it is also an inspiring and hugely emotional experience, due in large part to the powerful performances.
 Freeheld has a very worthwhile subject, and its A-list liberal actors do their best.
 Worth catching.
 Sollett mounts a full-scale attack on the tear ducts as he rolls out scene after scene of inspiring oratory, heart-rending illness and full-on liberal do-gooding. And it works like gangbusters ...
 Moore gets to wear a striking wig but has no dialogue that makes you look twice. And the more Stacie cries over her saintly lover, the more guiltily conscious you become that your own eyes are water-free.
 Freeheld is earnest and well-intentioned but often feels like it is trying to teach us all a lesson. It works best in the tender emotions of one woman facing the awful reality of losing the woman she loves.
 Perfunctory direction renders dull what could have been a compelling story about the need for equality in a job where decades' worth of gender discrimination has been compounded by systemic homophobia.
 Flat, and lacking the archly deadened attributes of Todd Haynes' Carol, a quartet of World's Greatest Actors work hard to animate a timid movie.
 An acceptable drama that had more potential in its noble story. [Full review in Spanish]
 It falls in the same cliches about tolerance and doesn't really add anything new or original to the subject. [Full review in Spanish]
 The movie manages to put it's ideas out there, maybe not in the most subtle way, but it gets the discussion going and that's the idea in the end. [Full review in Spanish]
 Una pequea joya, bien actuada, bien contada, con un elenco extraordinario, aunque muy modestamente producida. 
 Even if it's a small film, the performances and the relevance of it's story save it. [Full review in Spanish]
 The performances are top notch and the case is a worthy portraying example of human rights, addressing issues of equality, tolerance and homophobia. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A manipulative drama with good intentions that ends up being a cartoon of what it wants to say. [Full review in Spanish]
 Thank God there are good performances that work (but don't save) in this movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 Great themes and story and a spectacular cast, however, it's predictable and it takes the easy way out. [Full review in Spanish]
 In the quest to make An Important Film, director Peter Sollet (Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist, Raising Victor Vargas) has produced Teachable Moments instead of complexity or authentic emotion.
 Freeheld is ultimately a film without a soul, without character; full of clichs to a genre that simply does not need them. [Full review in Spanish]
 It offers a CliffsNotes encapsulation of Edgar Allen Poe's most enduring works for viewers unacquainted with them. 
 [It] has its moments, and will be a welcome respite for any middle schooler sitting through a boring lecture. But if we were ever asked if we wanted a second viewing, we'd have to quoth the raven: nevermore.
 In spite of the common source material and tone of oppressive psychological horror, these shorts feel like they could be the work of five different people.
 It's no substitute for Poe's atmospheric writing, but it's a pretty good introduction to it.
 Despite working from extraordinary subject matter-Edgar Allan Poe's various tales of the macabre-too many entries in this animated anthology are disappointingly ordinary.
 The voices of the late Christopher Lee and Bela Lugosi reading from the text isn't quite the same. But Garcia compensates with a different animation style for each of the five stories.
 The best sections reverberate with the power of Poe's words. As such, they serve as apt tributes to yarns that will always be more formidable on the page than on the screen.
 Just in time for Halloween comes this singular tribute to Edgar Allan Poe from veteran animator Raul Garcia.
 "Extraordinary Tales" reminds viewers that animation can enable an artist to realize an individual vision, even on a limited budget.
 With its weak framing story and hastily assembled formatting, Extraordinary Tales simply is the sum of parts--not a whole.
 Poe's storytelling gift is so timeless, and the voice actors assembled so captivating, that "Extraordinary Tales" can't help but work on some level. It just never quite rises above that faint praise.
 Garcia brings these classic Poe tales to life with the notable aid of atmospheric score by Sergio de la Puente.
 Extraordinary Tales leaves us wishing for more: more running time, more of Poe's material, more of Garcia's macabre animated magic.
 The fact that an author who died 166 years ago continues to be a draw for moviemakers says something about Edgar Allan Poe's imagination. And here's a feverish new animated Poe feature -- released just in time for Halloween.
 the definitive works of Edgar Allan Poe on the big screen
 Five stories by Edgar Allan Poe get varied treatment in this striking but inert animated compendium.
 Unsure of its targeted demographic, Tales straddles the tonal line, flip-flopping like a fish left on the dock.
 Poe's creepy, unevenly adapted tales aren't for young kids.
 So much is made of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but what DC is doing with these animated features is much more organic.
 Batman: Bad Blood, assures everything remains status quo in terms of another outstanding action-packed and entertaining effort starring the Dark Knight.
 Super-violent superhero mayhem with a complex story.
 highly-polished garbage from almost the beginning, with no relief from its elderly ministrations all the way through to the end.
 An impeccable proposal with a nostalgic tone that almost touches ingenuity. Almost. Highly recommendable. [Full review in Spanish]
 As gripping and as smart a piece of entertainment as you'll find this year.
 For the most part, "Bridge of Spies" is a sober reflection on America actually living its values and living up to its promise. 
 Steven Spielberg takes on the Cold War with a stately, sentimental thriller that gurgles along with quiet intensity, only occasionally finding a real spark of energy.
 Bridge of Spies is a warm portrait of a friendship, an excitingly intricate story of realistically scaled suspense, and a visually ravishing and lovingly crafted rendering of mid-century America, where how you look matters much less than what you do.
 A fascinating story where the interactions between smart and unpredictable characters is the main focus. [Full review in Spanish]
 With Hanks on superb form, Spielberg delivering a visually stunning and surprisingly feel-good thriller, Bridge of Spies absolutely satisfies.
 Simply the best film Spielberg has made in decades. Avoids the sentimentality of most--perhaps because of the inclusion of the Coen brothers in the screenwriting team. Their best work in a decade as well for that matter.
 The strength of the film lies in the bond developed between two men. A bond built on mutual respect and common understanding in a time when trusting the enemy could get you killed.
 With a mostly-compelling story and a particularly excellent performance from Oscar nominee Mark Rylance, Bridge of Spies is an enjoyable Cold War tale that manages to bring enough tension to its narrative to make it a worthwhile journey.
 Steven Spielberg goes into Stanley Kramer mode for Bridge of Spies, a socially conscious tale of touch-and-go diplomacy at home, at the office, and on the global stage. [Blu-ray]
 A lesson in how to direct movies and proves why Spielberg is matchless in his ability to place the camera as a narrator who tells a story through images. [Full review in Spanish]
 The master of multiplexes certainly found a fantastic tale for his 31st feature.
 With an overriding penchant for nobility above all, Bridge of Spies has a welcome straightforward charm despite its ultimately understated impact.
 Bridge of Spies is a quality film featuring loads of commendable work, but Spielberg's glossy and exceedingly upbeat take on the material might make it more of a crowdpleaser than an Oscar contender.
 Locates the sweet spot for so much (superficially) disparate recent Spielberg: morally engaged and reflective, yet playful and funny and loose -- and with the formal beauty [of] one of American cinema's greatest mainstream artists.
 Bridge of Spies is an inspiring drama about a man, like any of us, who struggled to do the right thing. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It's reminiscent of a Clint Eastwood film; solemn, with no provocative scenes, filled with images that remind us of what America was built on. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Any doubt that Steven Spielberg is a latter-day Frank Capra can be put to rest: Bridge of Spies is a celebration of an Everyman empowered by America's can-do spirit of justice and decency, in this case doing nothing less than saving the world.
 Dr. Cabbie does something interesting. It takes a rather serious subject - the fact that immigrants bring vital skills to Canada that are cruelly wasted - and milks the issue for its comic possibilities.
 A prime example of a movie with a meaningful message that fails to deliver on its potential.
 It's still a distinctly Canadian movie, delivered entirely in English and lacking the lengthy and well-choreographed dance performances that have become a trademark of Indian cinema.
 Functioning as light satire, Dr. Cabbie never quite digs deep enough. 
 The Prophet gets a Disney makeover that's ultimately even more disturbing than it is cloying.
 If you are a fan of Gibran's work, this film is recommended for those sections, just be prepared for some schmaltz to go along with the transcendentalist philosophy.
 Simply put, this movie is gorgeous from start to finish. 
 What makes The Prophet worth watching is the animation.
 Neeson's gentle, sonorous voice perfectly underpins these visual extravaganzas.
 ... an acquired taste but a frequently powerful examination of spirituality and relationships for those in the right mood.
 As a visual experience, many of the animated sequences are beautiful. But, without the focus of a traditional screenplay, the story drags a bit and even feels tedious.
 The animators are uniformly talented, but wildly divergent in styles. 
 Gibran encouraged his readers to savor every drop of life, even the bitter ones, and viewers should relax and savor every panel of this film.
 The simple, Disney-style look of the framing story merely feels like a delivery system for those dazzling depictions of wisdom, and the most memorable lesson is that there are so many more glorious ways to tell an animated story than Disney-style.
 The real star of The Prophet is the animation. The visuals make this a film a craft of art that also has spiritual uplifting of words.
 Too child-directed and broadly characterized; the commercial-minded, Disney-style high-stakes is a padding out of pondering-ness to ponderousness. This adaptation's more pose-y and cutesy than question-posing or poetically profound.
 There's no room in theatres right now for movies that just want to ilustrate text, no matter how deep and poetic it is. [Full review in Spanish]
 A film with a strong message about achieving what seems imposible. [Full review in Spanish]
 An interesting cinematic experience that mixes poetry, music, animated sequences and relatable characters. [Full review in Spanish]
 An affectionate and endearing proposal that dignifies the human spirit. [Full review in Spanish]
 The fact that the film abuses some narrative elements make this a tiring, tedious, and at moments, a boring film. [Full review in Spanish]
 As it often happens in these type of films, the end result is uneven, but there are a couple of outstanding segments. [Full review in Spanish]
 An interesting project, but it misses it's target completely. [Full review in Spanish]
 An interesting experiment that compiles different styles of animation in a single film. [Full review in Spanish]
 An obsessive friendship between two teenage girls unfolds with equal amounts of tenderness and terror in Breathe, a modest but acutely observed and affecting adolescent portrait.
 There's no doubting Laurent's skills as an actor's director.
 Director Mlanie Laurent conducts this 91-minute drama at a leisurely pace, getting terrific performances from the two leads.
 It's only the second feature for actress-turned-filmmaker Laurent, who's probably still best known in the US for her avenging cinephile in Inglourious Basterds, yet Breathe crackles with the intuitive control of a seasoned auteur.
 Breathe is also about the great intimacy between girls that is an exclusively female domain (the closest boys can achieve is a bromance, but don't even think about cuddling and stuff, bro). 
 I can tell you that Ms. Laurent's direction is astute and economical, that both of the film's young stars give fine performances, and that "Breathe" is a very good title for a film that ever so gradually takes your breath away.
 Josphine Japy and Lou de Lage are painfully genuine as two very different but equally lost young women.
 The entire piece is precisely woven together, from script to performance to execution, and the result is a chilling study of emotional annihilation and its aftermath.
 These are extraordinary performances, and considering France's way of nurturing female talent, Japy and de Laage could be at the dawn of 40-year careers. They're that good.
 Nuanced, sensitive, and unflinching ...
 The subject is the kind of intense "frenemy" relationship only possible between teen girls, and Laurent guides her young stars to naturalistic performances that convey the joys and miseries of adolescence.
 A harrowing examination of teen angst, as one girl navigates the highs and lows of an unstable friendship.
 If you think the emotional volatility of adolescent female friendships is a uniquely American phenomenon, Mlanie Laurent's potent psychological drama is evidence to the contrary.
 In some ways it plays like a horror movie, in other ways it's almost a documentary.
 Laurent has an excellent eye for shot composition, and cinematographer Arnaud Potier's crisp photography aids the director in creating an enviable set of gorgeous and memorable shots, and the film is consistently visually compelling.
 Breathe offers ample evidence of the growing confidence and skill of Melanie Laurent as a director. 
 With boys -- and men -- on the side, the females of the film anchor it with ease, once again proving that a good drama is dependent on everything except the actors' genders.
 Breathe is a deftly observed look at teen power games and how closeness can turn to animosity in one miserable night out.
 A modest but keenly observed coming-of-age drama about an average suburban teenager.
 The examination of the unknowable and undeniable power and pain of a broken friendship on display in Breathe is truly something to behold.
 It's Mulligan to whom the biggest plaudits belong. But the rest of the film can't quite live up to her.
 Some of the most interesting aspects of the suffragette movement are glossed over without examination, and you get the feeling that, while the film is quite decent, an opportunity for something outstanding has been missed.
 A maximum of four minutes on screen by Meryl Streep, give the story an even more special meaning. [Full review in Spanish]
 Mulligan transmits all the emotions of her character and the audience - especially women - achieve to connect with her. [Full Review in Spanish]
 An astonishingly tedious drama...
 A very conventional and safe film about a very singular and brave event in the postvictorian era. [Full review in Spanish]
 With a plot and characters based significantly on historical events, Suffragette does succeed in highlighting the (or at least, a) systemic oppression of women through manipulation, humiliation, and violence.
 It's Mulligan's picture all the way though, and once again, she shows the depth and range that makes her one of the leading British actors of her generation.
 Suffragette highlights how much the world has changed for the better over the past century. However, it also highlights there is still much room for improvement.
 Suffragette is vividly made enough that even if it glosses the full breadth of the suffrage movement, it still introduces viewers to the history of women's activism, and gets them intrigued enough to want to learn more.
 The problem is that it is simply a politically correct film, and could be much more. [Full review in Spanish]
 An earnest, melodramatic and probably necessary history lesson...
 An interesting story, sadly we have too many loose ends at the end. [Full review in Spanish]
 An important film, serious, well crafted and relevant. [Full review in Spanish]
 An overly straightforward plot, ditching any complexity for an awkward simplicity, but thankfully the cast is top-notch and the characters are compelling.
 One of its most appreciated accomplishments is its ability to paint the heroic events of a social movement that happened more than a hundred years ago with a modern-day relevance sure to resonate with audiences of today. Sadly, no one will see it.
 Sarah Gavron's focus on one character helps lift the film above slogans and marches, and makes it more personal. But when the fight becomes more of a war we lack the attachment to the movement's biggest losses.
 This is an urgent, persuasive, if cloyingly conventional history lesson with a story that Hollywood's barely touched on before.
 This is a beautiful film, not just in its narrative but also in its astounding cinematography and production design.
 Suffragette barely delves into the inner workings of its political movement, opting instead for an admittedly sympathetic 'everywoman' protagonist.
 A lot more fun than many heftier, supposed rom-coms, thanks to the timing and chemistry of its leads.
 There are enough twists, turns and strange little bumps in the road to make this well-traveled journey to romantic comedy bliss surprisingly worthwhile.
 Larkish and nicely confident Brit romantic comedy, enlivened by sparkling performances and a tangy, quite original and observant script.
 Even though you know how things will turn out, it's amusing along the way.
 MAN UP is that rare romance fueled comedy that will ably entertain both men and women. 
 Perhaps the whole thing is intended as post-modern ... But it's not funny ironic, it's not funny straight, it's not funny anything. It's embarrassing from start to finish and Pegg looks deeply uncomfortable in it.
 I'm a sucker for movies where smart people fall in love. Smart, well-written people, anyway. And about 60 per cent of Man Up is that sort of movie. This is enough.
 It's definitely not Pegg's finest professional hour, but as fizzy romantic comedies go, "Man Up" has its share of surprises and enthusiasm for the material.
 Bell and Pegg, both terrific comic actors, mine small gestures and reactions for laughs. But they're at their best when they're talking, and they talk a lot in "Man Up."
 Aside from the silly title and disappointingly pat ending, even the rom-com-averse will find something to love about Man Up.
 Man Up has a couple of bits that don't quite work and the ending is just silly, but for the most part, Pegg and Bell carry this thing through sheer force of personality.
 Honestly it would be nice if on occasion a film like this at least tried harder than making the main character somewhat dissatisfied and assuming that would be enough to get everyone identifying with her.
 Both actors stay sharp through some pretty degrading moments, and if Palmer and screenwriter Tess Morris are bent on serious button-pushing in the closing scenes, at least they garnish it with playfulness and wit. 
 Bell and Pegg are utterly defeated by a screenplay that favours plot over characterization to an almost surreal, parodic degree.
 Formulaic romcom has lots of sex talk, drinking.
 The kind of romantic comedy that reminds you why the genre continues to wheeze and sputter and die.
 [Lake Bell and Simon Pegg] make for an amiable pairing in a hugely enjoyable and fast-paced comedy.
 [Man Up] benefits largely from the hilarious dynamic between Pegg and Bell, and the humor alone is strong enough to recommend the film.
 It's all very gener ic and predictable, but not in an entirely bad way. Man Up has its charms and it'll raise a smile, perhaps even a chuckle or two, if you're looking for a no-frills romcom.
 For all the rom-com conventions of the film (and there many...), it has a low-key charm and an adult take on expectations, disappointments, and missed opportunities... 
 If the purpose of a horror movie is to be horrific, then Hellions gets the job done.
 An unpleasant muddle of the visceral and the abstract.
 A nifty way to get freaked out for eighty-two minutes. Hellions is Alice in Wonderland if Alice in Wonderland was about unwanted teen pregnancy. 
 Bruce McDonald's latest is a genre-freak-only affair that even at 81 minutes feels like a joke that takes much too long reaching its punch line.
 The thrills diminish very quickly as Pascal Trottier's script runs out of ideas, collapsing into incoherence in the final reel.
 Hellions is unsettling, but in all the wrong ways.
 McDonald does manage to craft a few striking visuals that take advantage of holiday elements like pumpkin patches and costumes, but other shots border on cheesy and overblown.
 Even at 81 minutes, Hellions feels padded out, running out of plot after an unsatisfying expository scene halfway through and relying on visual gimmickry to make up the rest.
 When it comes to the visual scheme of "Hellions," less would have equaled more. There is enough good left to savor, however, to prove more treat than trick.
 As the terror shifts from suggested to explicit, the eeriness wanes and this supernatural story becomes muddled.
 "Hellions" is art book horror, something to flip through but never truly eerie or scary.
 A half-cocked fusion of Rosemary's Baby and a home invasion flick.
 A perfect, light midnight movie that should go great with light drinks, good company, and a warm blanket.
 Hellions is a bigger Halloween bust than the house that gives out dental floss to trick 'r treaters.
 Some of the horror tropes being played with here - Rosemary's Baby is a clear touchstone - are staying up way past their bedtime.
 In its best moments, Hellions is interesting and perplexing and worth soaking in, in the sense that one would admire a Hieronymus Bosch-inspired painting. But without at least one foot on the ground, it doesn't inspire fear.
 This creepfest initially serves up some good horror-flick fun, but seems to lose the plot as the wind kicks up and the sky changes colour and the chase goes on and on ...
 The scare factor wears down pretty quickly.
 It's all fairly preachy nonsense, and never as cerebral as McDonald thinks it is.
 No matter how good these aesthetic tropes are at cultivating fear, however, the content inevitably falls prey to nervous laughter before sadly devolving further into eye-rolls. 
 Apparently, this is a sequel to Chien's Zombie 108 which, according to reviews, is even nastier. Count me out.
 a problematic cavalcade of uncomfortable male fantasies (and their punishment), but there is something to its anything-goes insanity that proves irresistibly infectious, especially at the midnight hour.
 It's unbelievably awful.
 Well manufactured but no strokes of genius here, the best thing of it is that Vin Diesel and Micahel Cane are in it. [Full review in Spanish]
 As one random and chaotic supernatural brawl follows another, the decision to keep the lead villain on the sidelines becomes increasingly puzzling. Why make a movie about a witch hunter without a memorable evil witch?
 If you're willing to put the faults in the script aside, you'll have an entertaining movie with good action sequences and humor. [Full review in Spanish] 
 Not only has Diesel plopped the mantle of Cage on his shoulders, he seems to have borrowed one of Cage's justly celebrated hairpieces.
 ... Esentially consists of everyone involved hoping this is successful enough to make sequels.
 The plot is a bewildering blunder, expecting you to jump right into it even though you're never sure you understand the story's progression. 
 Vin Diesel delivers on his leading man role in this action packed film. [Full review in Spanish]
 It's not even a letdown because you could see from the start it was going to fail. [Full review in Spanish]
 It is terrible. It is fabulously entertaining.
 This is all too bland, too serious. The characters needed a significant injection of charisma.
 An abortion, and one we can blame on the success of the dimwitted "Fast and Furious" hits.
 Ho-hum, except that it's all set up for a sequel, and I wouldn't bet against it. Vin Diesel is a hard man to kill.
 Vin Diesel makes a bid for yet another franchise with a supernatural action romp that's both deeply ridiculous and enjoyably entertaining.
 The special effects are poorly designed and the laughs are readily found, though probably not intentionally
 A yarn that is just entertaining enough for you to walk out of the theater satisfied, but not enough to have you begging for more.
 The Last Witch Hunter has some great production design and digital effects, but the movie directed by Breck Eisner is an interminable bore, which foolishly places the weight of the film on Vin Diesel's broad shoulders.
 The greatest disappointment of all is that the ending promises an unfortunate sequel. That comes off like a threat.
 Exposition, backstory, and action-dialogue clich are all tossed into the pot and stirred up real bad. A hocus-pocus hodge-podge of balderdash and humbuggery. The only smells wafting from this cauldron are the odour of silliness and stench of stupidity.
 Picture Harry Potter for Emo kids. No wonder there's already a sequel in the works. Brood on, Vin.
 It may not be a good film, but it's made -- or at least, acted -- with a bizarre affection that goes a long way toward being endearing.
 An engaging, provocative and pertinent piece of cinema.
 Too light, too silly.
 A smartly written, cheekily engaged, glibly enjoyable political satire ...
 There's nothing new about the political smoke-and-mirrors; the Bullock/Thornton relationship fails to convince, and the inevitable idealistic resolution feels unsatisfying and unearned.
 Even the title is unwieldy, and that sets the tone.
 With characters speaking almost exclusively in soundbites, anecdotes, proverbs and quotations, it's like being cornered at a convention of fortune cookie fillers.
 Billed as a comedy drama, Our Brand Is Crisis sits on the fence of both genres, without really committing to either.
 Bullock's usual audience might be turned off by her character's dark cynicism, but as meaty political satire this stands tall in a near-empty field.
 In the end, though, in spite of its hard-hearted cynical veneer, David Gordon Green's comedy-drama turns into a strangely soft-centred and manipulative affair. 
 Bullock is hilarious as well as unsettling in the lead.
 The movie loses its cynical nerve with an utterly phoney finale that ties itself up in conscientious knots.
 The plot is dull and a few ill-judged moments of comedy just seem weird.
 Bullock is great fun as the brash, bossy empress of spin doctors and has a feisty chemistry with the snake-like Thornton.
 A protagonist who revels in the sheer cynicism of her job gets a sentimental redemption out of nowhere; Sandra Bullock's comedic chops are undercut by it.
 Chaotic storytelling and uneven tone get in the way of an outcome that should really enrage an audience.
 The set up induces hopes that a screwball comedy with real buzz will be in store, something along the lines of Preston Sturges' hilarious 1940 movie The Great McGinty... Sadly, these hopes are soon dashed.
 A regular dramedy that doesn't boast great performances or a great story. [Full review in Spanish]
 Bullock does her best to render the emotional turmoil authentic, but the script doesn't do any favors by moving from laugh-out-loud to heartfelt soul-search. 
 Still, there are important lessons about political manipulation and there's fun to be had watching Bullock and Billy Bob seething at one another.
 Promising to be a biting satire but succumbing to the juvenility it loathes, this film feels like it's still teething, unable to chew on a political jawbreaker.
 This teen horror fantasy (based on RL Stine's bestselling children's books) is made with an anarchic glee that, in its better moments, rekindles memories of Joe Dante's zany, tongue-in-cheek movies of the 1980s.
 It's great fun, combining live action with top-notch computer animation, and I enjoyed it enormously.
 Goosebumps is a wicked delight, packed full of spooks and scares that should have adults jumping out of their seats almost as often as little ones.
 The film is pleasantly enjoyable throughout, combining likeable characters with knowing gags and lively set pieces.
 While only providing sporadic entertainment for the over-15s, it'll keep the tween set amused to the bottom of their popcorn buckets.
 Mixing the action, comedy and horror from novelist R.L. Stein's books into a family-friendly package, this lively romp is entertaining enough to amuse the audience even when it veers off the rails.
 Goosebumps speeds up helter-skelter in the second act and never loses its momentum, providing an eye-popping feast. Cool visuals aside, it's also full of intertextual content.
 At times as lumbering as the mantis, director Rob Letterman's semi-family-flick has a few giggles but ultimately feels strained.
 A pacy, quirky and thoroughly entertaining family adventure.
 It's a little scrappy, but there's more than enough carnivalesque mayhem to keep monster fans young and old diverted.
 Goosebumps combines cynicism with sweetness. If you can get past the slow start, woefully blank hero Zach (Dylan Minnette), and hit-and-miss special effects, you'll be charmed.
 Goosebumps has a clever mixture of monsters, mayhem, comedy and romance that will remind parents of childhood favourites such as The Goonies, Gremlins or Jumanji.
 The picture doesn't have the satirical edge of a Gremlins but it combines a sharp, funny script with some emotional substance.
 The film is set up as a great entertainment for children who do not avoid the early fears. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Jack Black gives one of his more enjoyable performances playing the writer as a Frankenstein figure -- the creator of creatures that he can't control.
 Black is in good form as the enigmatic Stine, but it is Minnette as Zach who impresses most.
 A goofily entertaining horror romp full of tween-friendly chuckles and scares.
 Makes the Jumanji reboot superfluous.
 [Goosebumps] focuses on keeping the dialogue snappy, the action plentiful, and the CGI convincing as it quickly moves through scenario after scenario.
 The triumvirate of young actors are charming but, inevitably, it's Mr Black who steals the show with his patented, hilarious bellowing. Will today's creepypasta kids still enjoy such silly fireside supernaturalism? We do hope so.
 It's steadily paced, with more long-held contemplative shots of natural beauty than bursts of impressive action, and an elastic, dream-like sense of passing time.
 A breathtaking work of art which revolves around a haunting female lead.
 It's cinematic night nurse.
 Episodic scenes of violence ensue but fans of martial arts should bed in for something more slow, spare and mysterious than the likes of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
 It's a wonderful thing to behold. It's also a frustrating beast to absorb.
 A film of surpassingly exquisite visual beauty.
 The director pays exhaustive attention to sound editing and mise-en-scne. 
 May just be the most tedious and enervating kung-fu movie ever conceived.
 A film that gains greatly from second or third viewings.
 The Assassin, unfortunately, is more still life than cinema.
 Magical and utterly mesmerising.
 A measured, elegantly choreographed tale with Shu Qi convincingly capturing the steely determination and conflicted heart of the lethal, black-garbed assassin.
 The Assassin targets cinematic pleasure and kills it stone dead.
 When you spend most of your time either admiring the look of the film or trying to work out what the bloody hell is going on, there's precious little time left for enjoying it.
 Still waters often run deep, but here, you can't see past the glossy surface.
 I gather there is something to this film that I lack the patience to appreciate in its storytelling, but I cannot for the life of me meditate on the occurrences like the film seems like it wants me to.
 As beguilingly elusive as it is exquisite.
 The Assassin is a singular vision realized with absolute mastery of style and a lightness of touch that's to die for.
 It's not an easy film to follow, not because it is especially complicated or labyrinthine, but because it is abstracted by Hou into a flow of gentle, beautiful moments punctuated by bursts of violence.
 Intriguing at times because of a maliciously dosed ambiguity, The Assassin is a really novel film, even among Hsiao-Hsien's own body of work. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Che's mission to lift his father up. . .intimately demonstrates [how] health care, education and supportive housing. . .help a motivated man gain confidence and his life.
 In My Father's House doesn't spend much time on politics, examining why rates of fatherlessness are so high among black American families, but it doesn't need to.
 The movie's message, if any? If you're a successful rap star, you might want to think twice before returning to the ghetto to track down the deadbeat dad you never knew. .
 The result is a film whose exploration of responsibility and addiction will interest viewers who've never heard of Smith.
 [In My Father's House] could not have come at a better time.
 Has vulnerability and a few laughs. But a story about reconnecting shouldn't seem so uninterested in filling in the gaps.
 "In My Father's House" offers lots of interesting raw material, but it could use a disinterested observer's remix.
 Though it brings limited insight to the problem of absent fathers in the black community, "In My Father's House" tells a story of loneliness, abandonment, anger, and joy that all can relate to.
 What's powerful and interesting about "In My Father's House" is the way so much goodwill and urging are tested in Che's personal life.
 Watching Mr. Tillman as he cheerfully embraces sobriety to please his son, and is rebuffed by his former street pals for doing so, we see a poignant meditation on how our expectations of loved ones can become a burden that not everyone can carry.
 It's neither as hopeful nor heartbreaking as it might first appear.
 A brave, personal, introspective exploration of a phenomenon that has no easy solution.
 Thomas and Rose ricochet from one boneheaded, depressing escapade to another, and by the end you may start to feel as eager as the mobsters they're tormenting to get rid already of these babbos.
 Few films are better titled than The Wannabe, a portrait of a Bronx kid who would have done anything to be part of the mob world he knew from the movies.
 Arquette shines, but this unmade-man mob movie lacks the energy and brutally dark humor of "Rob the Mob," which was about exactly the same story,. 
 The film is less a revisionist take on the circumstances of John Gotti's 1992 indictment than a tedious love child of Bonnie and Clyde and Goodfellas.
 The mix of callous humor and romantic doom doesn't always hold up, but in its best moments, "The Wannabe" finds real spikiness in the pitfalls of anti-hero worship.
 Mr. Piazza offers a persuasive portrait of decline, but it is the crumbling beauty and flailing hopes of Rose that resonate. Ms. Arquette comprehends the character inside and out, and her aim is true.
 Its taste in antiheroes doesn't inspire fascination, just a desire to see a different movie.
 The Wannabe is too derivative for any insight, offering little more than tired tropes and bad accents.
 There's frippery and flummery a la Almodvar and Hitchcock, two of Ozon's favorite directors, and he also cites Wilder's understanding of drag... (And not to forget Ozon's love for Fassbinder, the late rapid-fire genre-gobbler.) 
 It's fun to watch "The New Girlfriend" the way it's fun to drink a glass of Champagne, and about as memorable.
 An oddly sweet film, gentle and genuine, but it's also aware of murky psychological spaces, pushing focus on clearing confusion, not sensationalizing the obvious. 
 The New Girlfriend is a funny, delicate, subtly flavored dish deliciously prepared by Franois Ozon - idiosyncratic and unforgettable.
 Duris in drag looks like a refugee from the New York Dolls, but his character aspires to nothing more than life as a bourgeois, pearl-clad mom.
 It's less than it should've been, and a little mild. But Ozon makes it glide with confidence, in or out of heels.
 Duris creates a sensitive and moving character, a confused soul, lost without his wife, who was the anchor of his life.
 What is surprising is how conventionally the screenplay begins to wrap up this story and how blatantly manipulative its methods are in order to do so.
 Ozon is on typically slippery, teasing form with... [this] sly and playful tale of female friendship with a twist.
 A swirl of gender confusion, "The New Girlfriend" tosses all the he/she/we question marks it can find in a tale of contemporary confused sexuality.
 It's never clear what the director's intentions are, the premise looses strenght and it falls apart thowards the end. [Full review in Spanish]
 The acting is remarkable in a movie that does not pretend to be something else than what it truly is, approaching the subject of confusion between genders with originality. [Full Review in Spanish] 
 The movie is a revision of both the limitations of the upper classes and their completely outdated morals. [Full Review in Spanish] 
 Simply magnificent. [Full review in Spanish]
 A solid script full of surprises and great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
 A strong, twisted, but perfectly written, directed and acted film. [Full review in Spanish]
 While many "gay" and "identity" films wallow in weightiness, Ozon has always rejected categorizing cinema in the same way that he has embraced sexual fluidity.
 Arguably reminiscent of 'camp' Ozon entries like Angel and 8 Women, this has good enough work from Duris, but is truly saved by the lovely and lively Demoustier.
 ...an intelligent investigation of hearts that don't know quite what they want.
 A strong thematic undercurrent pits bourgeois social conventions against authentic self-definition and ultimate freedom to live without shame or undue social limitations.
 Director John Wells deftly navigates the trajectory of the story, helped by Rob Simonsen's frothy score.
 This drama about a world-renowned chef seeking redemption in his personal life features a fiery performance by Bradley Cooper compromised by a predictable script that doesn't have the right mix of ingredients.
 Burnt should have been a spicy treat. Instead, it comes and goes like so much fast food, leaving you hungry for a late-night DVD snack ...
 It is hard to find the characters' preoccupations anything other than ridiculous, however divine the food looks.
 Anyone who makes an informed decision to watch Burnt might want to bring a bingo-card of dramatic cliches to tick off during the run-time.
 It's intended to be a tale of redemption but Adam doesn't have a lot of redeeming qualities.
 This half-baked dramedy about cooking feels more like a lackluster television pilot rather than a feature-length film. 
 Cooper delivers the goods right enough, with help from Daniel Bruhl as his business partner and Sienna Miller as his sous-chef-cum-love-interest.
 It makes for a pretty good show. Cooper cooks up sweet and juicy in just about every role he plays, so watching the him sizzle on the griddle of short-order Shakespeare set against the backdrop of Europe's fine cuisine is a ready pleasure.
 ...a missed opportunity that ultimately feels like two movies ungainly stitched together at the middle (ie it's both an engrossing cooking drama and all-too-slick character study).
 Burnt is plated beautifully but lacks the complexity of flavor it so desperately wants to achieve.
 Strong characters help hold the attention as this overcooked drama develops, but in the end it feels so concocted that it's difficult to believe. 
 . . . This story of how a troubled exile achieves healing through a creative partnership with a woman equally devoted to their shared craft is familiar ground . . . Burnt could be re-titled Silver Linings Cookbook.
 Built around a strong performance by Cooper, "Burnt" is a story of redemption.
 Cooper's performance helps lift the character but as is often the case with a mediocre script and story, it's not clear what exactly this movie wants to be. You'll enjoy the great-looking movie star. The comeback story? Not so much.
 Half-baked, tepid, underseasoned - all these culinary put-downs are deserved for a film that asks us to root for a broken man with nothing to lose, then hands him redemption on a silver platter.
 A light, entertaining and well told film you can enjoy without any complications, especially for those who enjoy great food. [Full review in Spanish]
 What is most noticeable in this film is that in the 100 minutes, there is nothing that appeals to the viewer. [Full review in Spanish]
 Bradley Cooper is a chef looking for redemption in this little successful dramedy. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Despite the amount of delectably photographed dishes, the drama in Burnt unfortunately feels undercooked and watered down.
 Long after you've seen the film, you'll remember the wonderfully nuanced work of the cast, particularly Ms. Hawkins.
 Parents and teachers of all the Nathans out there may be inclined to give "A Brilliant Young Mind" the full four stars; for the rest of us, it's small, smart, and satisfying.
 A Brilliant Young Mind is not only warm-hearted, but offers surprises in a symmetrically crafted script, and a handy rebuke to the compounded heart-tugs of another recent tale of genius in the world, The Theory of Everything.
 A poignant story with an accomplished cast.
 A beautiful movie wrapped around a moving story --- one that should not be missed.
 Though billed as a boy-genius story, A Brilliant Young Mind is really a tougher thing: a movie about the complex emotional lives of autistic children.
 ...stock characters are part of the toolkit for writing melodramas, but they can be more or less fully realized, and in this case Matthews and writer James Graham have gone for less. 
 The path may be predictable, but the priorities of the screenplay by James Graham are unexpected.
 Yes, this movie is as sugary sweet as it sounds, but director Morgan Matthews uses his documentarian eye and does a good job of showing us the world through the eyes of a remarkable young man.
 Bungled ending, but a great, stylish, brilliantly cast film about math prodigy. 
 ... well acted but tugs too eagerly at the heartstrings and relies too heavily on manipulative melodrama that tends to trivialize its protagonist's plight.
 It is a fully realized love story of rare spirit, the sort of deeply affecting film that can make you laugh until you are near tears, then drive you close to bawling.
 I'm sort of amazed that movies like this keep getting made, which makes me the stupid one.
 A Brilliant Young Mind is an inoffensive film, looking to please a broad audience and while it achieves its goals, there's always a sense that it could have done more...
 Hardly breaks new ground, but it's a watchable entry in the tortured young genius genre.
 It does for Asperger's syndrome what A Beautiful Mind did for schizophrenia: lots of drama but not much science.
 Witnessing Nathan's "special powers," as his dad called them, may give the film its spectacle, but its soul is in the relationships Nathan struggles to build.
 Given [that the film] is concerned with the rigid certainties of algebraic formulation, its winning formula -- mixing charm, low-key humour, on-screen chemistry and emotional delicacy -- is altogether more ineffable.
 Matthews' direction is perfect. Yes, he manipulates you throughout, but nothing is milked, there is great subtlety, and his settings in Taiwan and at Cambridge are deftly shot by Les Miserables and The King's Speech cinematographer Danny Cohen.
 A confidently directed version of an underdog story that we've seen before.
 Chi-Raq isn't nearly as polished or cohesive as his early-period works...but it's delivered with a sense of fervor and immediacy that hasn't been felt from Lee in years.
 It's messy in places, as Lee's movies tend to be. But there isn't a moment that Chi-Raq isn't alive. This is a deeply serious, biting picture that also has joy in its heart.
 If there's a hot-button modern American issue to be pressed, Lee jabs it. The common thread is vitality, energy and urgency.
 Lee, who birthed such memorable films asShe's Gotta Have It(1986) and School Daze(1988), is back at the top of his form withChi-Raq. Let's hope he stays there. 
 Submitting his finest work since the 1990s, Lee is inspired and alert for a change, displaying renewed interest in the world around him. The mischief and outrage presented here is outstanding. 
 Savage optimism.
 In short, it's a Spike Lee film, and one of his best in a long time - earnest, flawed, idiosyncratic, and unforgettable.
 When Lee cooks up a stew this heady, one best recognize...the right film at the right time, Lee's most creatively fertile and socially immediate narrative feature in years.
 You've got the superbly self-possessed Teyonah Parris as Lysistrata; a stern and witty Angela Bassett ... and Nick Cannon, looking very comfortable in the role of the rap artist and gang leader known as Chi-Raq. They are served both chilled and hot. 
 This is a Spike Lee film through and through. It features jarring shifts in tone and temperament. It stridently proclaims its message throughout, at times like a revival meeting seeking a call-back, at others a history lesson in verse ...
 A mesmerising, indelible and important piece of contemporary cinema.
 Deliriously satirical, bouncing between comedy, romance, and tragedy, yet it primarily serves as a wake up call for the disenfranchised people suffering in this country.
 There's so much swagger in 'Chi-Raq' that it's a little uneven; this movie is both small and immense, the same way that violence within a community can feel isolated to an area, but is also reveals a systemic worldwide problem.
 There is no story, beyond this simplest stand-off set up, no character development, no sign of any other life.
 There are some good acting performances by Nick Cannon (who also sings a couple of songs) Jennifer Hudson (who also sings a song on the soundtrack) and Teyonah Parris. The soundtrack of this film should have gotten an Academy Award nomination.
 This is a movie that manages to be both brash and earnest, hilarious and deadly serious, bluntly rhetorical and poetic at the same time.
 Never subtle, always strident and absolutely necessary.
 Lee's film is worth seeing for its bombastic excess and camo-clad dance scenes. But if you're looking for tactful visual responses to the Black Lives Matter movement and the effects of police brutality, this isn't it.
 Lee returns to engaging, enraged form with Chi-Raq, combining social commentary, anger, humour, dramatics and over-the-top style in a sometimes messy mix that uses every trick necessary to put a spotlight on America's poisonous love affair with guns.
 Ultimately, this is neither tragedy nor farce. Anybody know the Greek word for boredom?
 It's real, honest, funny and downright predictable, but the Patel family is so engaging and delightful that you wish they'd adopt you.
 Meet the Patels ends up being much more than a movie about a guy going out on dates. It's about shifting identities, parental expectations and trying to hold on to a life raft of tradition in a swirling sea of change. And it's pretty funny, too.
 Their attempt to stitch home movies, goofily animated family conversations and wry cross-cultural observations into a full-fledged movie has a few amusing moments, but more often falls flat.
 "Meet the Patels" isn't an event, but it makes for an engrossing story with a specific cultural perspective.
 We enjoy Ravi's search for suitable mates, and we like his family. In the end, they just want each other to be happy - and that's all that matters.
 Engaging but overlong, and more than a mite unsettling.
 Ultimately a touching, funny documentary about family and cultural forces putting pressure on a first-generation Indian-American man to do what should come naturally: find love and a life partner.
 This story of a guy looking for love in many of the wrong places turns out to be one of the happiest surprises of the movie year.
 It's a film that pokes good-natured fun while maintaining a real respect both for traditions that have survived for generations, and for the circumstances when it's healthier to set some of those traditions aside.
 Meet the Patels is a funny, lightweight look at the weight of cultural traditions.
 Ravi's journey for an American happy ending is eclipsed by the fascinating intricacies of Indian matchmaking.
 [A] charming, if completely obvious, documentary.
 It's nothing new under the sun, but this is a charmingly unassuming and often very funny little movie.
 [A] gently humourous doc.
 There's a touch of vanity project about the enterprise, but Ravi makes an entertaining narrator, imaginative use is made of animation, and the film sheds light on timeless themes like love, family and honesty.
 The documentary works as well as it does because Ravi, while exhibiting a wry, dry sense of humour, is also something of an introvert. He's not always looking for a punchline, so the ones he makes have more punch.
 Rather than taking a firm position for or against arranged marriages, "Meet the Patels" is a big-hearted, poignant and truly funny documentary that shows people will try anything to find love - and sometimes "anything" works.
 This highly personal and lighthearted documentary gives some social context but never dives deep on the potentially devastating cultural divide it is exploring.
 One of the funniest romcoms of the year.
 [Patel's parents] are the real personalities of the movie, so good-humored and spirited, and so wonderful in sticking to their old-fashioned view of family life.
 There's no reason for Rabid Dogs to exist, as even character identity and motivation receives little attention. 
 This remake of Mario Bava's 1974 thriller is a serviceable time-killer that benefits from star Lambert Wilson's slow-burn performance.
 If you can endure the messy slaughter, with a body count in double digits, the plot is not without its rewards.
 French filmmaker Eric Hannezo's new "Rabid Dogs" never betters its predecessor, but it's a smoother ride.
 What this French redo of Mario Bava's 1974 heist thriller lacks in plot it more than makes up for in flashy camerawork, energy ... Hitchcock would have cued us to the surprise twist earlier. 
 'Straight Outta Compton' is not a movie that will change your life, but it's a very entertaining and strong approach to N.W.A. [Full review in Spanish]
 It has equal parts: biopic movie, and a lively representation of a cultural phenomenon that's still relevant today. [Full review in Spanish]
 An initially valiant attempt to do justice to a sprawling, complex story that eventually succumbs to the pitfalls of a conventional music biopic.
 It follows some of the tropes of the biopic genre, however, what sets it appart is the human and raw emotion in the performances of the main cast. [Full review in Spanish]
 Despite some forced sentimentality, it does its job as a biopic and that is the way it chooses to be, but it could have offered more. [Full Review in Spanish]
 While the story might seem convoluted to rap neophytes, Straight Outta Compton remains compelling due to its brilliant cast.
 ...the movie would have benefited from a much, much shorter runtime (ie this is not material that needs or deserves such an epic length).
 When it lets its music talk, its rage has street cred.
 Straight Outta Compton essentially picks one narrative and sticks to it, but the story it chooses to tell is undeniably powerful.
 One of the better musical biopics of the last 20 years, Straight Outta Compton is a real rags-to-riches showbiz story.
 As with most musical biopics, it's the rise of the artist that is the most entertaining.
 The first hour flies by in a haze of frenetic energy and exciting performances from all the main players.
 The movie has inescapable verve, capturing why its subjects mean every bit as much as The Sex Pistols or Rolling Stones.
 It's all pretty entertaining and a testament to how much they accomplished in such a short space of time.
 It's just all a little too much for a two-and-a-half hour movie.
 The opening act [has] a level of insight and exciting energy that the rest of the movie, bogged down in plotting, comes nowhere near replicating.
 A short history of rap
 Stylish, yet all posturing with no humanity; an exercise in brand control by those who have no interest in exposing their faults. 
 It portrays incredibly well the elements that made the creation of N.W.A. inevitable: the social, political and economical conditions in which its founders were brought up. [Full review in Portuguese.]
 F. Gary Gray tells the story efficiently and leaving no loose ends on both script and plot. [Full Review in Spanish]
 What the film lacks in logic and scientific plausibility it makes up for in the philosophical questions it raises.
 The ideas McClean... puts on screen are creative and original. And his technical skill is outstanding. He shows a lot of promise, in other words, and the film's worth checking out.
 This is the first feature from writer-director Joe McClean and he has made a debut that is admittedly uneven but not without promise.
 The turmoil in the friendship of the trio grounds the film in humanity when things get too theoretical.
 Joe McLean makes a memorable directorial debut with this mind-blowing sci-fi reminiscent of such inscrutable screen classics as Memento and The Matrix. 
 An inspiring film that shows the power of faith and forgiveness on and off the field.
 The Erwins' latest film leans heavily on a genre formula, but it is better than most "Christian" films. 
 Enough of the flick worked for me to give it a slight recommendation. (Full Content Review - Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
 Sure, it's an evangelical "Remember the Titans," but at least the Erwin brothers have made an effort, parochially speaking, to go outside the lines.
 Entertaining, Inspiring, Gripping True Story
 Until the balance tips rather too blatantly toward the latter during the final minutes, the overall narrative mix of history lesson, gridiron action and spiritual uplift is effectively and satisfyingly sustained.
 Sports and religion are a potent combination, one that siblings Jon and Andrew Erwin (October Baby, Mom's Night Out) exploit to canny effect in their new film based on the real-life Woodlawn High School football team.
 "Remember the Titans" + "Facing the Giants" + "Rudy" = "Woodlawn"!
 It's hard to buy that this brand of Christianity is fighting for the rights of the minority while so clearly throwing their own weight around as the majority religion.
 Heartwarming fact-based drama about faith, race, football.
 'Woodlawn' hits spiritual pay dirt.
 The unintentional message here? What integrated Alabama wasn't Christian brotherhood, but Alabama's REAL state religion -- football.
 A film taken with the singular American delusion that Jesus loves football... though it also throws in a new delusion: Jesus hates the U.S. Constitution.
 Although handsomely crafted, well-acted and made with transparently noble intentions, Roland Emmerich's "Stonewall" is a movie that seems destined to please almost no one.
 Isn't a perfect movie by any means, but the good intentions are there.
 Lends all new meaning to the phrase "Roland Emmerich disaster movie".
 The Stonewall Riots deserved a better movie and, unfortunately, Emmerich was not the guy who was going to deliver it.
 It's a self-financed passion project, from a man who might be the most financially successful out gay filmmaker ever. We should be celebrating this, but man, oh man, does he make it difficult.
 [Irvine] is with that tousled blonde hair and milky skin with its apple cheeks, a beautiful ephebe with no more emotional resonance than if he were actually carved from a pillar of marble.
 This can't be the kind of equality that those Stonewall activists were fighting for: the right to have their story turned into formulaic historical fiction as tedious as the kind about straight people.
 If someone set out to make an after-school special about street hustlers, this would be it.
 The worst Quantum Leap ever.
 more than bad and worse than disappointing, a tragic distortion of a vitally important story that insults the people it tries to honor and insults its audience as well. 
 Where the social impact of the riots is lasting, the impact of the movie is negligible.
 Almost everything that could go wrong does.
 It's a high school play-ready version of the riots, a version more focused on outside characters and related inspiring lessons than even the riots themselves, and wears the rosest-colored glasses about the dynamics of the era in which it took place. 
 ...spends an excruciatingly long time on a happily ever after coda (20+ minutes) about Danny and not enough of what followed after the riots.
 The Stonewall Riots were a triumph for a marginalized community, but Emmerich fails to convey the significance of the event in any meaningful fashion. The subject matter deserves better, and so do we.
 Stonewall is such a cataclysmic disaster of a film that I'm surprised nobody has called FEMA yet to help with all the damage it's done to the GLBTQ+ community.
 Despite the volatile subject matter, Stonewall is a rather bland rendering. 
 Disappointing gay-rights drama has sex, language, violence.
 Stonewall is a movie about a pivotal moment in LGBT history as filtered through the perspective of a fictional hunk of Wonder Bread named Danny who steps off a bus from Indiana and right into a central role in the Christopher Street scene.
 Compared to a genuinely rousing gay-rights historical drama like Milk (2008), Stonewall falls considerably short. 
 While it's hard to shed too many tears over a corporation taking its customers for granted, what Hanks' movie does so well is appreciate the people who built Tower, and in doing so, transmit that in this case, they did care.
 But Hanks wisely limits the celebrity talking heads in this rise-and-fall story. Instead, he focuses on the people who built the company from a Sacramento drugstore annex to a global brand, creating a ragtag family in the process.
 Hanks does a strong job with his documentary debut here, giving All Things Must Pass a lot of energy and an endearing quality. It helps that the interview subjects are so engaging and likable.
 The film never lapses into hagiography, partly because Solomon is too authentic a presence.
 A warm, wistful documentary that fondly recalls a time when buying music was a communal activity and not just clicking on things.
 Overall, this is an assured effort: informative, bittersweet and appealing for both the young and the not so young.
 Hanks and Leckart tap into a latent nostalgia for Tower's free-and-easy heyday, and the movie is an intensely bittersweet experience for anyone who grew up with Tower Records as a home away from home.
 In Colin Hanks' admiring and tragic corporate biography, Tower Records wasn't just a rock 'n' roll mecca, but a family operation that got high on its own supply.
 Solomon's skills as a raconteur, the employees' unabashed love for their work, and the constant stream of rock music playing in the background advance the film into something much more than a talking-heads documentary.
 The real beating heart of the film is its collection of wild war tales told by the company's former employees, who regarded Tower as more than just a paycheck gig or a commercial proposition.
 Lively and loving ...
 Colin Hanks makes his feature directing debut with this irresistible documentary about the evolution of the music business.
 It's loving and lovely, but goes too easy on the hubris and greed. 
 Hanks makes the rookie mistake of covering the same points too thoroughly - the film could be 10 to 15 minutes shorter - but you can see why he lets entertaining interviewees ramble a bit.
 This is Tower's story, and Hanks tells in a way that will resonate with both grizzled music veterans who have hung onto their physical collections, and millennials wondering what all the fuss was about.
 As Bruce Springsteen says in the film, "Everybody in a record store is a little bit of your friend for 20 minutes or so." And he's right - including all the ups and downs that friendship entails.
 Hanks found an amiable raconteur in Solomon, now 90 but sharp and focused on the business that was his life. A collection of Solomon's confidants sing his praises and get misty about how much fun they had in the old days.
 We learn of the party-hearty environment and family-like vibe of a world where it was cool to write off cocaine as a business expense. And we see the hubris and myopia that doomed the industry.
 Director Colin Hanks lets his affection for his subject run over. The film probably is for record aficionados only.
 A love letter to the store and Solomon ... but also to the bygone era of music consumption before iPods and Spotify.
 If only acting was as easy as hitting his patented RKO.
 A belated, barely-related sequel generic enough to make the eminently forgettable 2007 original look like an oasis of cinematic personality.
 The story fails to embrace the humor in the premise, resulting in a sappy melodrama that tries too hard to bring you to tears. [Full review in Spanish]
 A light comedy that offers great entertainment and also touches on womens rights and the elderly at the workplace. [Full review in Spanish]
 The chemistry between Hathaway and De Niro feels sincere and is what keeps the story up and going. [Full review in Spanish]
 Thanks largely to performances by De Niro and Hathaway, The Intern is a gentle, enjoyable fantasy-and certainly Meyers's best film in more than a decade.
 It is strange seeing De Niro playing a nice, normal old dude and not insane, edgy, enraged and/or emotionally constipated, and you also can't help but think that Meyers' movie would have worked better if he had shot someone.
 Compared to the dreck now synonymous with DeNiro's name this so-so comedy, a pleasant but forgettable fish out of water story, is actually one of his best films in years.
 It's a work of unwavering optimism with an uncompromised pro-career-woman message, and I found it refreshing.
 A typically breezy and entertaining Nancy Meyers comedy...
 There's a lot less going on in The Intern - the story of an old guy who goes to work for one of those fancy new e-commerce places, whatever that is - than meets the eye, or the funny bone. 
 DeNiro is his usual charming best and Hathaway takes what could have been a one-dimensional character and breathes life into her.
 It's a strange one, The Intern. Just as you're wincing at a tired gag about how older people don't know Facebook, along comes sentimental melodrama and you're suddenly grabbing for a tissue.
 It's the job of movies to fulfill wishes, and the desire for an understanding parental figure is as basic as the desire to feel needed and useful in one's old age. 
 De Niro and Hathaway's very real chemistry is enjoyable and transcends The Intern's many shortcomings.
 Faux-feminist and whitewashily liberal. A movie that wants us to feel bad for a female executive-who's actually high-power-privileged-only for a great white father-substitute to be her perpetual personal cheer-er is far from feminist and damn near stupid.
 The Intern is a smart, funny, and surprisingly touching film, anchored by first-rate performances from DeNiro and Hathaway.
 Some films have grace notes; this one has what might be more appropriately termed graceless notes.
 Hathaway plays much better against DeNiro's pin-striped persona when she's biting into her role with a Miranda Priestly boorishness.
 It's sad, too, because De Niro brings an amiable twinkling charm to the role... Instead we're stuck with misogyny, dramedy and snivelling.
 The Intern doesn't have a huge amount to say about the issues it touches on; it's generally happy to let its two charismatic leads simply hang out together. It's a li ttle cutesy at times, and overlong), but it's not without its charms.
 Those of us who were never cool young guys live with an enduring hope: that someday we'll be cool old guys. It's a fantasy embodied in the flesh - specifically, in the gloriously creased, proudly aging flesh of 72-year-old Robert De Niro
 A predictable, drawn-out and cheesy story about remaining true to yourself in the face of pressures to sell out.
 The music is peppy enough, but the spoken dialogue feels like it was written with emoticons.
 As silly and sometimes nonsensical as it is, the movie is surprisingly sweet and well-intentioned.
 In the end, this awful movie is an adaptation of the cartoon about as much as Steven Spielberg's Jaws was an adaptation of Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights. 
 'Jem' has less in common with its neon-drenched '80s source material than with the real-life Internet-to-red-carpet trajectory of Justin Bieber - a similarly generic teen idol with moves dully modeled on superior artistic predecessors.
 Though there are some light sci-fi elements, the story remains largely grounded and based in the real world, focusing on the characters rather than the spectacle. 
 Everything about Jem and the Holograms seems specifically designed to be annoying. The film is deeply misguided and not half as clever as it thinks it is.
 How can a dressup party with this much glitter makeup and hair dye preach the importance of being the real you?
 Jon M. Chu's weaksauce adaptation of the 1980s Hasbro toy turned cartoon not only fails resoundingly as a film, it also fails as a nostalgia piece -- which, honestly, might be the greater sin in today's pop cultureverse.
 Sure, Peeples has a nice (if unmemorable) voice, but the vapid storyline with fantastic overtones transports Jem and the Holograms into another dimension, one that's utterly flat.
 The movie is trite, cheap and shoddy, designed to be watched on an iPhone instead of in a theater-plus, there's no way this assortment of bland nice-girls would ever become superstars. Not even on YouTube.
 ...a shallow, glittery girly-girl fantasy that, unless you have a high tolerance of cute and the ability to laugh at how stupid this whole thing is, may make you put your head through a wall. 
 For a movie about someone learning to come out of their shell, Jem and the Holograms is utterly confounding about what it even means to be authentic.
 It's hard to imagine a movie this year more sadistically boring and bland...
 Utterly implausible on every level, and ultimately rather insulting: a bit of glitter and lots of hugs are the sum total of its 'girl power.'
 Chu was responsible for the shambles that was G.I. Joe: Retaliation, and proves that was no fluke through his uncertain handling of the conflicting material.
 Every line, every twist and every note of music feels painstakingly focus-grouped.
 A highly flawed, occasionally dumb, but fascinating blast of neon, revisionist girl power, and social media wanderlust.
 This live action dud is basically what you imagine a bargain-basement Star is Born would be like if it was directed by the chap who did a Step Up sequel, a horror producer and Justin Bieber's manager.
 An unrealistic representation of the music industry.
 Gainsbourg and Sy play off each other wonderfully, emphasizing how these characters relate to each other as people; their scenes together feel emotionally honest even though one can barely imagine them happening in real life.
 Deserves credit for raising important issues at all, but the trite romcom packaging compromises the good intentions.
 "Samba" manages to be hugely entertaining, featuring a superb cast and expert direction, without abandoning its important message about a universal problem. 
 Though the film doesn't provide any answers, it does give voice to the millions who suffer these same situations daily.
 "Samba" tries to be too many things to too many people, although you can't say it doesn't have heart.
 Going for frivolity, the endeavor abandons authenticity, adding more confusion and disorder to an already scrambled film.
 The filmmakers mix touching social realism, feel-good romantic comedy, and working-class farce into a patronizing ragout of flavors that never successfully blend together.
 Unfortunately, the material flounders from the broadly farcical to the bombastically melodramatic.
 So affecting is the performance by Omar Sy ("Jurassic World," "The Intouchables") as Samba ("like the dance"), an undocumented Senegalese chef, you almost forgive the shortcomings. 
 ... becomes caught between a breezy romantic comedy and a provocative drama about social justice.
 A comedy that was sold to appeal to a sensitive and inteligent side, but that never happens. [Full review in Spanish]
 A refreshing romantic comedy that shares a lot with the director's previous film. [Full review in Spanish]
 Although the performances are memorable, the plot does not know how to combine drama and humor. [Full review in Spanish] 
 A small comedy that bases its success on its leading couple: Omar Sy and the always gracefull Charlotte Gainsbourg. [Full review in Spanish]
 A highly enjoyable movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 [Olivier Nakache and Eric Toledano] return with one of [The Untouchables'] stars, Omar Sy, in the title role. It's a darker, sadder and less audience-pleasingly contrived tale than their previous effort.
 Samba finds a much stronger rhythm when it stops contriving and simply shines a light on the joy and pain (and musical interludes) of lives lived in the margins.
 The editing errs on the side of longueurs, but likable people and the mise-en-scne draw you in. Somehow, even the artificiality feels heartwarming.
 Nakache and Toledano have another crowd-pleaser with international appeal on their hands.
 Samba is still an entertaining and enjoyable movie, due in large part to the charm of its leads, Omar Sy and Charlotte Gainsbourg.
 An adventure film of big scale that focuses on human drama. [Full review in Spanish]
 Unfortunately, Everest's technical feats aren't matched by a subpar script from William Nicholson and Simon Beaufoy.
 The film only seems to come to life when showing how challenging is the climb and how unpredictable and harsh mother nature can be.
 For a movie about the world's biggest mountain, Everest feels small.
 The script emphasises the dangers, but fails to underscore that with a truly treacherous aesthetic environment.
 Everest has a couple of good moments, however, nothing that moves you the way it's advertised. [Full review in Spanish]
 Everest splits the difference between documentary reenactment and hyped-up Hollywood drama.
 Worth seeing for its terrifying action sequences and its stunning visuals, but it never delivers the expected emotional gut punch.
 Kormkur's film excells because it never romanticizes the mountain and he doesn't drag the last moments of those who died in it. [Full review in Spanish]
 It's a solid disaster film that certainly isn't the feel-good movie of the year.
 Thrilling, exhausting and ultimately devastating.
 [Everest] remakes the experience as entertainment, invites you to observe but not feel the suffering, and invites you to pay for the privilege.
 Spectacle film-making with a purpose, Everest is a welcome throwback to the testorone-heavy adventure flicks of past decades.
 With visually stunning imagery and a solid A-list cast, this film just about transcends its oddly uninvolving story.
 The picture utilizes every bit of the expanded 3-D frame to provide an immersive experience. But that's combined with a real sense of brutality. 
 The movie's first hour is a bit slow precisely because the filmmakers refuse to inject conventional dramatic elements... But it all pays off in the devastating finale.
 The stunning location photography stays with you much longer than the script's shortcomings. The mountain, as ever, has the last word.
 This is an impressive film-making achievement but those expecting to be moved by the story may well be left cold.
 Everest, the movie, in showing how the mountain conquers man, never explains the torturous trek's appeal, and that monstrous Himalayan peak ends up dwarfing the human stories here, struggling for air.
 Over the course of a fragmented 121 minutes we find ourselves lost in just as much of a snowy fog as those of the actors, who wander in and out of the frame as if uncertain as to whether the story even requires them.
 Inevitably and immeasurably affecting, but conventional in terms of what it says.
 The footage - discoveries made by the Allies in the liberated Nazi camps during 1945 - is graphic, terrible, unforgettable.
 This wise, sober new documentary is a reminder of historical horrors, but it's also a tale of censorship.
 Though undoubtedly an underwhelming documentary, this remains an important piece of cinema, as it documents a barbaric brutality we have a duty to explore and study. 
 Night Will Fall isn't simply a film about the war, it documents the power of emerging technologies to reveal and publicise war crimes - something that also feels acutely relevant today.
 We wouldn't watch it again but we're glad we watched it once.
 As startling and bleakly compelling as you'd expect from this rare combination of director and subject.
 This is an extraordinary record. But be warned. Once seen, these images cannot be unseen.
 This is a shocking and moving account of how the Bernstein documentary was shot, edited and shelved.
 The survivors and liberators interviewed by Singer have never forgotten their experiences, and this crucial account of a dark episode in history stands as a chillingly eloquent memorial.
 It is difficult to imagine that there'll be a more important film this year. Don't miss it.
 Impressively sober, thoughtful ...
 After 70 years in the can... some of the most visceral, detailed and shocking footage of the liberation of Nazi concentration camps is being released.
 A masterfully constructed, eye-opening and, at times, eyes-averting look at an obscure chapter of Holocaust history.
 As well as footage of Bernstein, Singer has some fascinating interviews with English, Soviet and American soldiers who did the filming.
 Horrifying. Fascinating.
 As "Night Will Fall" shows, even in the darkest hour, sometimes the greatest heroes are those willing to stare bravely into humanity's worst depths and tell the world what happened. 
 The liberation footage itself is the centerpiece of Night Will Fall. It is mesmerizing, sickening, disturbing, and essential. 
 It may not do full justice to all [of its] subjects in its tight 78 minutes, but it's not a film you're likely to forget.
 Night Will Fall is an unsparing yet unfortunately necessary reminder of the atrocities committed seventy plus years ago.
 Heller's grasp of the material is as firm as a more experienced director's. Still, the primary attraction is Powley, who offers up the best acting performance I've seen all year.
 Boldly honest and frank coming-of-age film that is at once daring in its subject matter, yet very much part of its genre. Good, but not quite great.
 Frankness, candor, and honesty, served hot. A must-see.
 Playing a character trying to reconcile her hormones, heart and head, Powley seems genuine in a way that actresses playing adolescents rarely do, and helps ensure that the heady rush of a movie that she's in does the same.
 This powerfully arresting and affecting adaptation of the book by Phoebe Gloeckner is only getting started with the many and varied provocations it has in store.
 [Powley] offers a bold performance that mixes rabid hormones, spiritual agonising, scary self-debasement and extreme teenage drama-queening.
 Most crucially, Heller is more interested in bearing witness to adolescent experience than passing judgment -- and this approach extends to her handling of the adults around Minnie.
 Powley is a 25-year-old actress, but she's a convincing teen in every sense (which will lead to the discomfort of some). It's a breakout performance.
 Whether adulthood is measured by age or experience or by something less quantifiable is one of the key questions the movie asks...
 Prepare for the most f**ked up love triangle ever.
 From her breathless confessions of true love, to her sweaty accounts of coitus, Heller, Powley and Gloeckner pull us onto the mental merry-go-round of the female teen...
 An irregular coming of age tale that, having a story that's grounded on reality, flirts with improbable situations taken out of a very used mold. [Full review in Spanish]
 The film is quietly radical not because it dares to rattle cages so much but because it doesn't. This is a story of huge emotions and big moments, told via intimate gestures and tiny power shifts. It's a gem.
 The Diary of a Teenage Girl is honest, frank and doesn't hold back. So if you don't mind a swear word or two, and you want a realistic approach from a film, this movie could be for you.
 [Bel Powley], Alexander Skarsgrd as the boyfriend, and Kristen Wiig as the mum all display the subtlety not in the script.
 Multiple stars are born in The Diary of a Teenage Girl, the conventionally titled film premiered earlier this year at Sundance that turns out to be unconventional in every way that matters.
 Writer-director Marielle Heller never passes judgement on her characters, giving us an honestly messy account of her heroine's sexual and artistic awakening.
 The Diary of a Teenage Girl is a rare gem because it strips the male gaze and sees Minnie's sexuality as her initial link to a deeper self discovery. 
 The Diary of a Teenage Girl is surely destined to become a tentpole coming-of-age movie and, I imagine, a significant vehicle for the careers of everyone involved.
 It abuses the unconvincing drama and dramatic twists the director submits to the young protagonist. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Striking the right good-natured tone between admiration and amusement, "I Am Thor" isn't particularly slickly or imaginatively packaged, but its straightforward DIY presentation feels apt.
 Jon Mikl Thor is a showman and a stalwart, a flat-out legend, and I AM THOR is the often uproarious, and sometimes quite poignant, love letter he deserves. 
 A charming subject goes a long way in character-study doc I Am Thor, an imperfect but energizing portrait of self-styled metal god Jon Mikl Thor.
 Highly entertaining...Thankfully, Thor's charisma is undeniable, and it's fun to watch him interact with fans and dominate the stage.
 I Am Thor is an amusing show business tale that is all the more endearing for the respect it shows towards the eccentric and indomitable figure at its center.
 Eden is proof that you need more than a good beat and stylized visuals to be memorable. [Full review in Spanish]
 An honest portrait of the hardships that come from chasing one's dream. [Full review in Spanish]
 A failed attempt by director Hansen-Love to create a portrait of a young DJ. [Full review in Spanish]
 Even with the nostalgia factor behing it, the movies falls short of what it could've been. [Full review in Spanish]
 A fair portrait of the French music scene of the '90s that captures the escence of the music that began to feed from recicled nostalgia. [Full review in Spanish]
 The cruel chronic of an aspiring DJ that never quite gets there. [Full review in Spanish]
 If not for Daft Punk, this would be another generic movie about a musician that grasps glory only to loose it all at the end. [Full review in Spanish]
 Hansen-Love focuses on creating an atmosphere, with rhythm and rich charachters to tell her story. [Full review in Spanish]
 Eden's best quality is it's bittersweetness: a story about postponing adulthood and an honest portrait of fun, confusing and good times as a teen. [Full review in Spanish]
 A swan song to the life of a teenager living free of consequence. [Full review in Spanish]
 Eden perfectly captures the spirit of the 1990s and boasts a great soundtrack. [Full review in Spanish]
 A complex and elegant film. [Full review in Spanish]
 A tribute and acknowledgement of the intelligence behind the DJ's craft. [Full review in Spanish]
 Like going to a club sober.
 Paul describes a song he likes as existing "between euphoria and melancholia," which is the balance the movie he's in strikes as well, as interested in joy as it is in loss. Which may be the best thing these stories of not making it bring to the table.
 Where the early scenes of Eden feel on the nose, the back half is filled with precisely the sorts of glancing-yet-wounding blows that are Hansen-Love's specialty.
 The drama occurs only fleetingly and Greta Gerwig's cameo as one of Paul's flames is stilted.
 [Eden] does, however, offer an intriguing insider's view of an important musical subculture, an insider's view that, crucially, remains rooted in the all-too-relatable reality from which the music itself is designed to offer temporary escape.
 Only in retrospect could I understand Eden's careful delineation of temporal, emotional, and geographic properties:.
 An impressive and suprisingly melancholy look at repetition in life, soundtracked by the recursive music of the French Touch scene.
 Learning to Drive is a story of companionship, loneliness, resilience. It's a small, artfully crafted thing, but it resonates in big ways.
 Charming and often very funny.
 "Learning to Drive" is precisely the sort of adult-themed, intelligent and heartfelt film it wants to be, with Clarkson and Kingsley wonderfully on point.
 Despite Patricia Clarkson's performance and screenwriter Sarah Kernochan's expansion of Katha Pollitt's 2002 New Yorker essay, the film still feels undercooked.
 Kingsley acquits himself in the role with considerable grace. He also makes a solid anchor to Clarkson, who relinquishes her own elegant, sometimes frosty screen persona for something a little wilder and decidedly sexier.
 Small in scale and largely unassuming, both of which may be in the movie's favor, since it never tries too hard. The film seems content to just "be."
 Empathetic drama treats mature themes with warmth.
 A perfectly pleasant 90-minute diversion with little conflict and no major drama... You could watch these two act all day.
 Patricia Clarkson and Ben Kingsley are such likeable performers that they're watchable in the worst tripe, but it's hard to imagine a weaker vehicle for their considerable talents.
 A light duty and passably entertaining exposition by Ben Kingsley and Patricia Clarkson.
 It's an engaging diversion but falls short of anything more
 Driving a car is a useful cinematic metaphor for taking control of one's life, and there is a gentle determination behind this film which makes it more engaging than it sounds
 Directed by Isabel Coixet, and based on a magazine article by the feminist writer Katha Pollitt, this is a little film but there is a lot of craft in it. To make a movie about human connection that is funny without being mawkish is no small achievement.
 Visually, Learning to Drive is mostly flat -- but then, there are only so many ways you can shoot two people sitting next to each other in a car.
 Clarkson and a compelling Kingsley make for very easy company as their gentle exchange of age and culture enables them to embrace a challenging future.
 There are glimpses of intrigue but we never get to know the characters well enough to care for them.
 Director Isabel Coixet's films have, of late, been a dark and sometimes dreary bunch... so it's a relief that her latest Learning To Drive is wryer, sweeter and far less pretentious.
 ...there is a sense of worn-out familiarity that attaches to this well-intended but ultimately featherweight indie drama about a privileged Manhattan lady and her relationship with her exotic, and presumably wise, driving instructor.
 This isn't just a good film because of the great acting, however, it has a solid romantic story and it touches on some important social issues as well.
 Somewhat lucid at times with flourishes of comedy, as enjoyable as individual moments are, it unfolds rather predictably.
 "A Perfect Day" is rarely actively bad, but more often inspires a shrug.
 This compact little satire - set in 1990s Balkans - is a small, personal story about huge unfairnesses and injustices. Bleakly, bitterly, blackly funny.
 The refusal to sugarcoat or overpraise its fearless do-gooders is itself noble and useful, and at its best 'A Perfect Day' relishes in portraying characters we rarely see on film in a darkly comic fashion.
 It's frustrating how close this is to being a good movie. The pieces are there. The follow through isn't.
 The characters are too thinly sketched to generate much of an emotional connection, leaving some compelling ideas unfulfilled in the process.
 The film may be scattershot and odd, but it needs to be odder still.
 Although caught between "Mash" and "Hurt Locker" the film packs a powerful lesson.
 Grit-bomb comedy... drip-drip-drip absurdism... Altman's "M*A*S*H," Richard Shepard's "The Hunting Party" and the grandiosely mad Emir Kusturica can be glimpsed in the rearview mirror of floundering influence. 
 With an eclectic soundtrack, well-timed editing and crisp cinematography - and of course that terrific cast led by the great Del Toro - A Perfect Day is a rough-edged gem.
 A project that's intriguing, funny, emotional and sensitive, one that raises issues abundantly important today and makes us consider whether we're truly considering what else is going on in the world around us.
 There is a subtle tonal complexity to A Perfect Day, where even the title has an air of sarcasm. There is a lingering note of melancholy throughout the film, and it earns every bit of it.
 By focusing on a small story, the sarcastically titled A Perfect Day becomes more relatable and in the process tells us more about the big picture, in this case the Bosnian conflict.
 This is one of those rare, thoughtful war movies that doesn't emphasize brutality.
 An irreverent comedy in the style of the original M.A.S.H., this wartime romp takes an entertaining look at 24 hours in the life of a group of humanitarian workers in the Balkans in 1995.
 The movie's got a great concept, and Benicio Del Toro is terrific, but the black-comedy tone feels off from the very beginning.
 We see lots of shots of the aid workers' two trucks hurtling back and forth across the landscape, and the movie often seems to be just as aimless.
 This shaggy, likeable film from director Fernando Len de Aranoa chronicles 24 obstacle-ridden hours in the life of some international aid workers.
 Like its subjects, the movie fails to accomplish all that much, but it does more good than harm.
 A Perfect Day is a war story told on a small scale. It's all the more powerful for its subtlety.
 A taut, darkly comic drama about the dilemmas of international intervention in civil war, all of it neatly symbolized by one elusive length of rope. It is also, sadly, a film much marred by its sexism.
 Klein is an excellent synthesizer of difficult ideas and knows how to make them accessible.
 All this material has a hard time coming together in a natural crescendo, and no amount of vibrating violin strings can give it the emotional urgency or focus it badly needs in the closing scenes.
 It's sometimes boring, it makes assumptions about its audience.
 This Changes Everything isn't a game-changer, but it is jarring enough to be scary.
 An unsettling but ultimately encouraging documentary about global warming and grassroots activism.
 By failing to address basic issues, This Changes Everything comes off as misleading at best, deliberately confusing at worst. 
 If, as many seem to believe, we are presiding over the possible annihilation of our species, then maybe we need a kick in the pants more than a reassuring hug.
 It distinguishes itself among similar planet-loving docs by showing evidence there is hope in what can often seem an overwhelming bleak task to begin repairs to an industrial-damaged world.
 The evenly wrought film accessibly argues that runaway capitalism and short-term economic growth at all costs has caused an imminent catastrophe, and that global warming is the hot-foot instigator for a radical change in economic thinking.
 Klein and husband/director Avi Lewis can't make a rhetorically strong enough case for the central idea... so they fire up the waterworks and hope you'll feel bad enough to let them have their way.
 Klein and those impassioned protesters provide something that has been in short supply in the predecessors - namely, a modicum of hope for the future.
 Despite Everything's desire to distance itself from other climate change ventures, these early stories are perhaps the most conventionally structured for a documentary, and also the most engaging.
 Riveting climate-change docu encourages grassroots action.
 An engaging and sometimes witty coming-of-age story, it is a patch above some of Sandler's recent live-action films.
 Proving once again that, with the exception of Punch-Drunk Love, Adam Sandler is at his most tolerable when you can't see him, this perfunctory animation sequel provides innocuous pre-Halloween/half-term distraction.
 A lively and amusing sequel to the 2012 hit ...
 Essentially, if you enjoyed the original, you'll enjoy the sequel, but it's more of the same. Can't we try a little harder than a gag-filled outline?
 Like the first entry in this animated Sony Pictures franchise, the film is spirited, engaging, and has an idea: it's about mutual tensions between the undead and the living, who have forged a truce up in the Carpathians.
 Still better than most Sandler-written movies.
 The jokes are just as easy and fall just as flat, but the film is saved somewhat by a cracking last act.
 A delightful, perfectly formed sequel to the animated ghouls-are-good original...The animation is gloriously kinetic. What more needs to be said? If you liked the first one...
 This enjoyable sequel lands a slight notch below the original, only because of a few scenes lazily squeezing more juice out of its predecessor's best gags.
 Kids are not likely to get the jokes about Gary Oldman's wig in the 1992 film Dracula, nor sympathise closely with the emotional difficulties Drac faces in becoming a grandparent. Adults... will have seen virtually all of this before.
 A clever and funny animated romp that kids and adults will enjoy.
 This has no aspirations to be anything more than a throwaway 89 minutes of slapstick silliness.
 There's a charm to these characters and it's easy to see why kids are attracted to the story.
 What Sandler does pull off here is an uncommon feat: a sequel that's an improvement over the original, which itself was a solid movie. Your kids will love "Hotel Transylvania 2" and you'll like it, too.
 If you liked the first Hotel Transylvania you'll like the second, but while the special 3D effects look great, the storyline can lack depth at times.
 "Hotel Transylvania 2" isn't a horror movie, but like its predecessor, it's made for those who love these characters so much that we like to see them in children's movies
 Has its charms, but it disappoints with a script that feels sloppy and hastily slapped together.
 Hotel Transylvania 2 succeeds in creating the sort of wacky visual comedy that kids love -- from slime monsters to screaming slices of wedding cake.
 Adam Sandler's Dracula sinks his teeth into another batch of slapstick fun... so much more enjoyable than any of [his] recent live-action movies.
 Still, the material is a lot stronger than anything in the premise-squandering Pixels or lackluster Paul Blart sequel.
 This may be the only time I've wanted to see a director's cut where there's less material.
 Thanks to Ashton's brilliant, career-defining performance, we're made to see that the only thing worse than doing evil deeds is being nice enough to feel guilty about them.
 Overall, a very impressive piece.
 "Uncle John" is so subtle, so exquisitely paced and so determined not to go in any of the obvious directions that it's hard to believe the film is Steven Piet's first feature.
 The two mostly unrelated stories culminate in a climactic crosscutting of sex and violence that borders on farcical.
 For a first film, it's very assured filmmaking, and from here Piet and Crary could choose to go in either direction "Uncle John" points to - or any direction, really.
 This is a truly special film that is intent on taking the road less travelled.
 Uncle John is an audacious combination of genres: a slow-burning mystery-thriller mixed with a mumblecore love story. There's a dash of morbid comedy thrown in for good measure, too.
 The kind of polished, understated throb in the temple that gives independent, low-budget filmmaking a good reputation. Uncle John is meticulously observed and startlingly good.
 The movie's small, but Ashton keeps us watching and listening.
 [Steven Piet] has masterfully interwoven multiple genres into one tightly crafted, surprising little film.
 Impressively light on its feet given that it's slogging through the twists and turns of a plot heavy on maggots, gore and rotting flesh. 
 The filmmakers don't appear fully committed to the idea of a zombie apocalypse, so no sense of dread (or suspense) ever takes hold.
 It's all as ridiculous as it sounds, with only the occasional attempts at dark humor providing saving graces. Genre fans, at least, should be satiated by the copious amount of gore and viscera on display.
 Start stocking up now on the Pepto-Bismol.
 Rarely do zombie movies seem more desperate.
 It resolves all of the questions you never needed answered. It also follows all of the supporting characters from the first film that you you never needed to learn more about.
 amidst all of this baroque, busy plotting and tonal volatility, the film loses the subtlety of characterisation that infected the original film.
 A passable sequel that earns points for trying to expand upon its predecessor, even if it takes a little while to get to the new stuff.
 In a film that opts for gross-out gags over scares, Contracted: Phase II feels like a rushed stepping-stone towards bigger things to come if the franchise is to continue onward towards (disgusting) glory.
 A fatal new STD furthers its grip on Los Angeles in this uninspired body-horror sequel.
 Phase II has some nice comic touches, but it's a forgettable B-movie.
 Reed and Frank may have overcommitted to capturing life as it happens, taking the cinema clean out of cinma vrit. But it's a courageous first effort, and a lot of people should be genuinely interested it what they come up with next.
 Sweaty Betty is a reminder that poetry comes in all shapes and sizes, and that art ultimately dictates its own terms.
 This isn't hard-times reportage or a deep-dive ethnography. It's a life-as-it's-lived picture, a chance to meet and loiter with the people in the places the interstates zip past.
 The film ... has a disturbing intimacy and richness that are startling.
 Defiantly amateurish yet never less than engaging, "Sweaty Betty" is a true oddity.
 Though it's not entirely satisfying, the loose-limbed feature exerts a genial pull in its offhand exuberance.
 A blackface variation of Babe (1995) with street cred!
 Predictable father-daughter tale has solid messages, peril.
 This -- and, crucially, only this -- is what's "scary" about Sinister 2: that, only when you most expect it, something may happen on screen that'll make you twitch in your chair.
 The original Sinister was a passable chiller, but the sequel feels more like a vague attempt to continue a lucrative franchise than to create anything truly compelling or spooky. 
 The script to 'Sinister 2' is a mess. Mostly, it's boring, but it's also a hodgepodge of ineffectual dialogue and setups. 
 This sequel has an eerie effect that stays with you long after it's over. [Full review in Spanish]
 Familiar settings, cliches and jumpscares, theres very little imagination put into it and even less subtelty. [Full review in Spanish]
 The best way to describe this bad sequel is: unnecessary. [Full review in Spanish]
 A waste of time. [Full review in Spanish]
 If you're the type of person that thinks horror sequels are a bad idea, Sinister 2 is not the movie to make you change your mind. [Full review in Spanish]
 It has a couple of good scrares but it's ultimately forgettable. [Full review in Spanish]
 In most respects, it's an improvement over its predecessor, but it's still more of the same with better characters. Watchable, but hardly essential.
 Sinister 2 plays like a sputtering, unnecessary fourth act that lacks the tension and sense of dread of the original.
 The new perspective opens up possibilities, but the story still feels rehashed.
 As the ghoul from the 2012 horror hit stalks a new family, this sequel's sharply well-crafted set-up leaves the hackneyed conclusion feeling very disappointing. 
 Sinister 2 basically destroys everything good the first one did. [Full review in Spanish]
 The ghost children require the boys to watch home movies of murder; in this way, the film ritualizes the 'aesthetic observance of violence' (to quote one character) that gives its particular bogeyman -- and the horror genre -- life.
 Ciarn Foy provides a further link to the first film by resolutely failing to generate any decent scares.
 Whilst Sinister 2 at least manages to avoid being a mere re-tread, the final product comes off as decidedly flat.
 A lackluster follow up to what was a fairly unimpressive horror entry.
 "Sinister 2" depends greatly on cheap scares. 
 In a film where ghostly children attempt to force other kids to watch horror movies only to be repeatedly told "I don't' want to", this somehow manages to be a microcosm for Sinister 2. I don't want to watch any more either.
 A warm and funny tale of clashes both personal and social, and an engaging showcase for a wonderfully rich performance by Regina Case.
 A familiar story of economic oppression is enlivened by good performances.
 comedienne Regina Cas is vital and present in every moment, especially the minuscule and picayune humiliations that have compounded for years.... Class-consciousness is first and foremost in each emotional and comic moment to come. 
 Though hardly revolutionary, "Mother" subverts conventions - both cinematic and social.
 The characters are so accustomed to keeping up appearances that they can't bring themselves to say what's bugging them. Their interactions may be mild, but the claustrophobic imagery creates the sense of being trapped in a powder keg.
 The Second Mother manages to remain funny throughout its depictions of class, struggle, and motherhood - stories mostly told to death in dramatic fashion. 
 It's always presumptuous to suggest that a filmmaker doesn't realize where her narrative's attention should be directed, yet it's hard not to wonder if writer/director Anna Muyleart picked the right protagonist.
 A great performance by Regina Case as the film's put-upon heroine and a telling look at class divides.
 Muylaert's writing is strong and incisive, her shooting style inventive, but the strength of her film rests with Regina Case, the Brazilian superstar who makes her own individual play for Oscar with an unforgettable performance.
 Anna Muylaert's carefully composed images provide a cool stage for some hot acting -- all of which manages to be amusingly uplifting rather than sociologically bleak.
 All the elements of the story fit impeccably together for a humorous and occasionally wrenching examination of relationships.
 It speaks to anyone considering hiring a live-in nanny. Regina Cas is terrific.
 It all builds to an affecting, insightful climax, deftly avoiding morality tale tropes while never failing to entertain.
 [A] powerful movie -- one with no easy answers for these mothers and children.
 Brazilian upstairs/downstairs drama effectively portraying the class tensions which surface when a housekeeper's headstrong daughter moves into the mansion. 
 Subversive yet heartwarming - it's a joy to watch.
 ...Muylaert's film, a quiet kind of modern classic, is less fascinated by the power play and ritual than it is by the people who are inhabiting those roles, and hoping, ever so softly, to transcend them.
 This is a smarter film than any single aspect initially lets on.
 Writer/director Anna Muylaert's beautifully shot, frequently comical take on the 'second mother' phenomenon sets the film apart from other explorations of similar material.
 Case's performance as Val is a joy.
 At its most basic level [Irrational Man] is, like 2005's Match Point, a murder drama. This time around, though, the satisfactions are relatively few.
 There are some funny one liners, the plot, although derivative, will have you engaged from start to finish and overall it's an enjoyable ride.
 Irrational Man is turgid to the point of ridiculousness and absurdly anachronistic ...
 Irrational Man is a visually plain and simple film. [Full review in Spanish]
 The film is well made and there are good performances, and I did like the ending. However, I did feel a bit slimed by this film. The misogyny and the disregard for morality are troubling.
 As always, Allen is a master in portraying the hypocrisy of the middle class, but this time the synergy of the actors doesn't live up to the effect of the ensemble casts of his other films.
 Although far from perfect, Irrational Man shows that Woody Allen keeps looking for new ways to express the ideas that have been eating at him forever. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A minor film about a straight, white and privileged guy that complains about life... like many other Woody Allen characters. [Full review in Spanish]
 If you have seen a couple films of the director, you will probably enjoy the film for its intelligent and nonsense story. However, the fans will know in advance what they'll see. [Full review in Spanish]
 Woody Allen has the hability to keep surprising with complex and smart movies. This isn't the case. [Full review in Spanish]
 Poorly developed characters make it hard for us to take seriously their actions and believe the story. [Full review in Spanish]
 It's not the best Woddy Allen film, but at least its entertaining enoguh by commercial cinema standards. [Full review in Spanish]
 A film lacking inspiration that feels like recycled ideas from previous Woody Allen films. [Full review in Spanish]
 Defineately not the best work by Allen. [Full review in Spanish]
 Irrational Man is one of Allen's lesser film, however, it's still better than anything else on theatres right now. [Full review in Spanish]
 Irrational Man is far from being Allen's best film, but it has interesting drama to keep you entertained. [Full review in Spanish]
 A blithe and chipper drawing-room comedy that, in a deliciously perverse way, plays with notions of chance and karma and very bitter irony.
 Woody Allen does what he does best and the result is effective and entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
 An excellent comedy with the usual Woody Allen's themes, but with a great mastery of suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
 Allen gives us another big profile of a read, successful and sinister man, one of his great strengths as an author. [Full review in Spanish]
 If Damon manages to get into the awards fray for this role -- and he should -- it will be thanks to the fact that he makes it easy to understand how a desperate man could still find a way to laugh.
 Fascinating, feel-good and quite simply a hugely fun reason to head to the cinema.
 Damon has never seemed more at home than he does here, millions of miles adrift. Would any other actor have shouldered the weight of the role with such diligent grace?
 ...an often potent sci-fi drama that benefits substantially from Damon's almost impossible charismatic performance...
 If the title Robinson Crusoe on Mars hadn't already been snagged... it would be a perfect fit for Ridley Scott's space epic, which maroons Matt Damon's astronaut on the red planet and then shows him using Crusoe-like ingenuity in a bid to survive.
 This stranded-astronaut movie can't muster all that much drama. Watney's crewmates just can't convey much emotion; Watney mostly emits smart-ass movie lines. NASA's tech and its astronauts' gutsiness and smarts are glorified to the point of porn-iness.
 The Martian pushes the right emotional buttons and is a crowd-pleaser.
 Science is front and center as Matt Damon is left to his own wits as he tries to survive The Red Planet until a rescue team arrives. Destined to become a Sci-Fi classic! 
 Charming and exciting without ever losing sight of its tale of humanity, and science.
 Will eventually find itself planted amongst the best in Ridley Scott's bulging anthology as it is perfectly paced, visually stunning, and mentally challenging
 The ending is so farfetched that the suspension of disbelief dies long before anyone in the film ever does.
 Probably The Martian proves to be an entertaining popcorn movie that pleases general audiences but is beyond of being as good as Alien and Blade Runner. [Full Review in Spanish]
 A rollicking space procedural that depends on some logic, and a great deal of luck.
 The Martian may be light, but it's a fun ride out of this world.
 The biggest surprise in Ridley Scott's latest film, The Martian , is that Damon is very funny, in a movie that you wouldn't have expected to have any laughs. So if you've been put off
 Sci-fi is withouth a doubt the genre in which Ridley Scott feels at his most comfortable, and he finally delivers an entertaining movie worthy of his caliber, even if it's not a masterpiece. [Full Review in Spanish]
 When it comes time for the inevitable 'triumph-of-the-human-spirit' that necessitates this regurgitated survival narrative, all that computes is smugness and nationalism. 
 I like my "alone in space" movies to be far weirder and more cerebral than The Martian. Scott or Damon can stay on Mars; fly me to to Sam Rockwell and the Moon or directly into the Sun with Danny Boyle.
 It's an adventure, pure and simple, in the tradition of Robinson Crusoe and Gulliver. And every bit as timeless.
 Like Tom Hanks before him and Leonardo DiCaprio, Damon doesn't shrink from the burden of being alone onscreen for so much of the film-he owns it....
 If Killing was a cleverer film and perhaps a more "informative" one (if you want to learn about the Indonesian killings, at least), then Silence is a more gut-wrenching one.
 Focuses on the victims instead of the criminals.
 The Look of Silence is [The Act of Killing's] straight injustice-doc brother. It's graceful and eloquent, and it has as its subject a lierotten culture-not merely in the official cant, but in the hearts and minds of even the poorest people.
 Joshua Oppenheimer's sequel to The Act of Killing wanted to provide an emotional and moral coda to the original as it sought remorse in the eyes of the guilty, but in every beautiful saturated frame, The Look of Silence finds only the blank face of denial
 The Look of Silence stands on its own as a perfect addendum to The Act of Killing.
 Unlike many documentaries on unpleasant subjects, Silence isn't an ordeal you undergo for the information value. It's no upbeat experience, but it is always absorbing, and it is sometimes disturbingly beautiful.
 This sequel [to The Art of Killing] features much more soul-pricking confrontation and demands from the aging perpetrators that questions stop being asked.
 oshua Oppenheimer has followed his 2012 documentary, The Act of Killing, with another, even more powerful film, The Look of Silence.
 Oppenheimer's follow-up, The Look of Silence, is more lucid but less interesting.
 Frightening illustration of how cavalier the perpetrators of ethnic cleansing can be about their heinous acts.
 Remarkably the third Oscar entry this year, along with Trumbo and Iraqi Odyssey as bold leftist historical corrective. And naming the names of Indonesian anti-communist genocidal death squads and the shadow government there, enabled by CIA intervention.
 This is documentary film-making of the highest order -- urgent, necessary and deeply compassionate viewing.
 This documentary has the potential to induce nausea. It is also, like The Act of Killing, landmark cinema.
 Powerful, provocative and deeply affecting.
 I was somewhat thankful for be rid of the games of theatrical one-upmanship that made [The Act of Killing] a queasier experience. The power of this terrible moment in history and its lasting legacy is no less powerful without them...
 Every scene weighs on the audience. But Oppenheimer and Adi manage to locate a lightness as well that lessens the burden.
 Don't get it twisted, The Look of Silence will disturb you...
 Oppenheimer turns his [Act of Killing] camera around, in a sense, to examine how the Indonesian genocide impacted those who survived...
 It's a film that shows how weak and fragile memory is, and how the mind is powerful enough to suppress the greatest horror. 
 It only takes a few minutes to fully comprehend how The Look of Silence is complementing and expanding the subject, and why Oppenheimer is not letting this go. 
 A definitive reflection on the work of two great directors and the specific slices of cinema they so fruitfully cultivated.
 Fitfully captivating, though plenty amusing.
 Engaging look at Ricky Leacock from his friend Les Blank marks a valedictory for both filmmakers.
 Like Mr. Leacock's other films, it helps give the "feeling of being there" that he strove for.
 Provides a leisurely, insightful history of documentaries that parallels the filmmaker's biography, done in the style he championed, by Les Blank, who he greatly influenced.
 The great documentarian Les Blank died in 2013 - two years after his mentor, Richard Leacock - but both are warmly present in this set of interviews Blank did with his teacher in France 15 years ago.
 The ordinariness of this film-and the flatness of its video-shot images, relative to Blank's beautiful-looking '70s films-isn't a significant drawback, given how eloquent Leacock can be.
 The 3D sequences work... The problem is that they're too brief and nothing else happens in pretty much the whole movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 As a regular viewer of the franchise, I was especially happy to see the refrigerator-door gag make an appearance this time around, and once again not pay off. Gotta hold something back for the seventh one.
 Just ask someone you know to put a sheet over their head and suddenly run at you. It's far cheaper and much more memorable than the grainy gimmick being pushed by The Ghost Dimension.
 Ugly, ineptly written, clumsily acted. Ugh. 
 Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension plays as dumb as the title sounds.
 Is this truly the end of the Paranormal Activitys??? Well, let's hope so.
 You've seen all this before, so much so that very little of it results in the actual jump-out-of-your-seat shocks that peppered the previous five films.
 Just isn't scary.
 Feels like parts four and "The Marked Ones": Just one big missed opportunity.
 Far and away, the best thing about this latest is the claim that this is the last of the Paranormal series. I can think of no better Halloween treat -- assuming it's true.
 ...it's ultimately difficult to recall a franchise that so completely failed to stick the landing.
 Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension hits creative rock bottom... The absence of legitimate suspense creates an atmosphere of unintentional comedy throughout.
 One of the most empty films ever to appear in a genre that has gone stale. [Full review in Spanish]
 A film full of jumpscares, the ending is not surprising at all, the only good thing about it is the 3D. [Full review in Spanish]
 At no point does anyone say, "put down the camera, bro. You're freaking me out." When do they think they're going to watch this stuff back? "Hey, let's crack open a few beers and watch those old tapes of us watching those old tapes." I can't see it.
 Presented in 3D, the special effects are more elaborate than usual, but the regressive/provocative idea that filmmaking and film-watching open windows on unhealthy influences (especially among the young) remains undeveloped.
 What once was a chilling spectacle of a series has become an unimaginative and tedious mess.
 Longtime series editor Gregory Plotkin finally directs, giving us bravura jump cuts spliced for maximum humor and dread.
 It's sad to see a series that started with such a bang go out with such a whimper. But it's better than wringing a seventh movie from this tired old formula.
 The film is Blumhouse through and through, preferencing technical innovation and ingenuity over big budgets.
 Like few contemporary films, "Anesthesia" distills the anxious intellectual tenor of the times.
 The effect of keeping the various subplots apart for so long is enormously frustrating, because we don't know what Mol's frustrated suburbanite or Stewart's morose student or Williams and Freeman's strained friendship have to do with one another.
 I want to recommend Nelson's film in spite of how misconceived it is simply because it asks interesting questions, albeit in some of the most banal ways imaginable.
 The beautiful performances and raw intimacy are definitely worth your time, but its wispy good intentions ultimately dissipate into thin air.
 Like an East Coast Crash (2004) with better acting and a higher IQ.
 There's nothing wrong w/purely observational dramas or straightforward character pieces, but the drama we're given here is stale and lifeless, and the characters even more so.
 Stiff and unsatisfying, "Anesthesia" doesn't snap together profoundly, straining to reach a sophisticated examination of desperation and confusion while it offers tedious dramatics typically found in a Lifetime Movie.
 People seek escape through self-medication in somber drama.
 A pile of incomprehensible existential gibberish by the vastly untalented actor-writer-director Tim Blake Nelson about the meaning of life in an age of technology, told in the tiresome style of multiple characters who intersect at odd angles ...
 A discourse on existential angst in the modern world, the ensemble piece comes across as sadly familiar, and as emotionally desiccated as its pallid characters.
 ake, drink, this is the thesis to my sketch drama: "The world has just become so inhuman. Everyone's plugged in, blindingly inarticulate, obsessed with money, their careers, stupidly, arrogantly content. I crave interaction, but you just can't any more." 
 A stellar cast of serious-minded players...fight a losing battle against the characters' overwritten dialogue and unlikely behavior.
 A grand gesture going nowhere.
 Stewart stands out because her one big scene seems so passionate and genuine. It's the only moment when "Anesthesia" seems to be working.
 The irony of Anesthesia is that, while it uses interconnectivity as a storytelling mechanism, the characters do not really connect.
 Is that all there is?
 In cramming together so many interlocking stories of existential angst, the structure of this well-intentioned ensemble drama feels more forced than authentic.
 The movie isn't nearly as intelligent as it thinks it is... it's a plainly incoherent anthology film.
 What will numb our pain after meeting some of Anesthesia's dull characters?
 A puzzling and uneven tonal mess.
 The Treasure is both another testament to his eye for telling details and Porumboiu's most seamless combination yet of fiction and fact.
 In a manner so sly you could overlook it, Porumboiu invests this tissue-thin premise with the shadows of Romanian history ...
 Don't expect a big payoff in Corneliu Porumboiu's long-build satire about some hapless diggers for buried treasure; the journey is the joke here.
 The film is an unusual mixture of joy and cynicism.
 Though it almost overplays its hand with a Robin Hood storybook motif, The Treasure manages a tricky balance between low-key social satire and total fantasy.
 Minimalism of the sort that Porumboiu specializes in is an extremely hard register to maintain, and in this film, it involves the viewer walking a tightrope as much as the director does.
 "The Treasure" is like the work of Samuel Beckett's long-lost Balkan cousin - bleak, stoic and suffused with a flinty, exasperated empathy for its ridiculous characters.
 The Treasure has a broader social vision underpinning its surface subversion.
 This charmer is determinedly mundane and low-key, until an unexpected finale transforms it.
 Deadpan, determinedly low key and deeply absurd, the films of Corneliu Porumboiu are very much a particular taste, and "The Treasure" is no different.
 It's good absurdist stuff, a little reminiscent of the work of Aki Kaurismki, albeit without that filmmaker's wooly-headed whimsy.
 The Treasure is a one-note film that's a dry, bleak endeavor, devoid of character and lacking personality.
 "The Treasure" suggests that you can have both feet of clay and flights of fancy, and in the battle between the prosaic and the pie-eyed, the prosaic doesn't always have to win.
 Slowly ... something changes, and the functionality of Porumboui's style gives way to an ever-so-slight hint of wonder.
 A less artful version of A Pigeon Sat on a Branch Reflecting on Existence - though it may help to be Romanian.
 If the humor were any drier, it would be dust.
 As the title suggests, there are rewards in this slight but consistently amusing gem.
 These recent Romanian films have sometimes been gloomy about both past and future, but The Treasure sprinkles a little sugar in the medicine.
 [A] tightly focused, minimalist and enchantingly humane story of individual struggle within the broader social reality of contemporary Romania.
 A film that recalls the clarity of the parable or children's story in its unadorned yet subtly suggestive narrative.
 Two second-act revelations alter its tired dynamic for the better, but those changes are undone by cheap scares and a climactic revelation that's more ho-hum than horrifying.
 I was somewhat dissatisfied with the ending, but that sort of thing is subjective, and I encourage everyone to watch The Abandoned to judge for themselves.
 Jason Patric...Man, what happened?
 [A] polished but overly familiar psychological thriller.
 If you've ever wondered why studios treat this month like a celluloid landfill, The Abandoned presents a compelling case study on its own lack of merit.
 The Abandoned is a steadfast and creepy haunted flick, until the final five minutes sink the entire production. It'll work for some, but sadly not for most.
 Eytan Rockaway's generic chiller clings so tightly to conventions that it fails to even moderately raise one's pulse.
 Just when you think this IFC Midnight flick will slide into an effective genre track, it flies off the rails in spectacular fashion, getting more unbearable and ridiculous all the way up to its closing minutes.
 The film is effective for long stretches, mainly due to Rockaway's superb use of his principal setting.
 Despite its formulaic structure, The Abandoned has a lot going for it. It eschews cheap scares, bloodletting, and gore.
 A visually and emotionally effective descent into darkness.
 Cusack says at one point: "I did what you do with a puzzle. I stared at it until it made sense." That, I can guarantee you, won't happen with "Shanghai."
 Everything in Mikael Hfstrm's film is needlessly bloated to accommodate its status as an international, prestige production.
 The film often feels like a drab collection of scenes where John Cusack disinterestedly questions attractive, elusive Asian cast members.
 Shanghai isn't altogether awful, but knowing that it has the potential to be so much better in the hands of a stronger director makes it a frustrating affair.
 Goes through all the motions of an old-school wartime spy pic with plenty of technical competence but zero panache, the filmic equivalent of a bar band working through one last Skynyrd cover just before last call.
 A morass of clichs and orientalism salvaged from the Hollywood backlot debris of 75 years ago.
 Cusack does his best to evoke compassion for his character, and he is quick on his feet, whether trying to woo Anna, or outsmart his captors. But none of it is enough to highly recommend "Shanghai".
 It's all intriguing and breathtaking, along with a mournful, lovely score by Klaus Badelt, but not enough to compensate for the miserable writing. 
 How many times does John Cusack have to prove he is no leading man? In Shanghai he comes off as Sam Spade with chopsticks.
 Hfstrm directs it like he's sucking too hard on a cigarette, in a quick, over-and-done-with style that results only in fitful coughs of smoke.
 Director Mikael Hafstrom and a fine cast and crew have made a film that's elegant and gauche in roughly equal measure.
 [A] turgid, anemic, already five-year-old motion picture from Swedish director Mikael Hfstrm.
 Don't look for plausibility in this World War II epic set in China, just enjoy the lavishly produced, exotic and often exciting ride.
 It is hampered by weak writing and a badly executed story line.
 Under Mikael Hfstrm's visually clunky, rhythmless direction, it's a snooze of epic sameness: choppy action scenes, a blankly stern Cusack, and too many allegiance shifts to count or care for.
 You might be forgiven for expecting either an unfairly squelched masterpiece or an unholy mess. The movie is neither, although it falls closer to the mess side of the table.
 Even if an uncredited editor were hired to make clear sense of these pieces, the film wouldn't work.
 Cusack is halfway between Humphrey Bogart and Jimmy Stewart, and the result doesn't come together.
 Written by the talented Hossein Amini and clearly inspired by spy and detective movies of the 1940s, this seems to have been a labor of love. But SHANGHAI is so convoluted that it eventually becomes lost. 
 The true-life historical background is more compelling than the fictional melodrama.
 Hell And Back may be for adults, but it is not very mature. Everything from drug use to rape is lampooned in this outrageous, R-rated comedy.
 It's a wonder how this stinker of a script -- packed with foul language, sex references, and scatological jokes -- attracted such a strong cast in the first place, and the finished film is no better. 
 Hell and Back is a far cry from something you would sell your soul for.
 A script like this should be destroyed upon receipt.
 Alison Brie and Jason Sudeikis [offer] performances that manage to be funny, sweet, rude, silly and uncomfortably painful, often all at once.
 [Sudeikis is] fast and funny and Headland's willingness to tackle the unromantic aspects of the rom-com lends a sophistication you don't find in more anodyne examples.
 I wanted to really like this movie, but the laughs largely weren't there and the ultimate spiral of the movie attempted to rely on "shocking" dialogue and situations rather than actually pushing the envelope.
 The guy sat directly in front of me stood up, loudly declared to everyone that "This is the worst film I have ever seen in my entire life" and just walked out.
 Like "Bridesmaids" and "Trainwreck" before it, "Sleeping with Other People" is a sometimes raunchy comedy that occasionally tries too hard to shock.
 What matters is that these two brilliant, flawed people finding each other at this moment in their lives made them each more whole. Whatever happens next is beside the point.
 If it eventually surrenders to convention, Sleeping with Other People is still a refreshingly adult, often rule-breaking romantic comedy.
 Inevitably, it pretends to be edgier than it actually is, and doesn't create a sustained character development in the way Nora Ephron managed, but it's watchable for all that.
 It's all so self-consciously metropolitan, so determinedly up-to-the-minute, that even at a fairly concise hour and 41 minutes it seems too long.
 Headland's romcom may have sex on the brain but it certainly gives a couple of Hollywood's lesser lights the chance to shine.
 Of course we all know how it's going to end and the film's crushing predictability could be ignored if it raised more laughs -- but this is all over the place.
 Writer-director Headland's screenplay is sharply observed in places and yields a few memorable set pieces (including a brawl in a restaurant that shocks a pregnant woman into going into labour.) It is also utterly predictable in its plotting.
 Sleeping With Other People is an updated -- and raunchier -- take on the When Harry Met Sally rom-com premise: can a man and a woman ever be best friends, or will there always be just a troublesome frisson of attraction?
 Headland's script sometimes feel more like a 2015 zeitgeist-capsule than an organic piece of comedy, but the mix of sophistication and unabashed raunch has a definite light charm.
 Brie is bright and engaging but womanising, wisecracking Sudeikis seems awfully bland to be the object of so much desire.
 Perhaps Headland is afraid of her films being too unlikable for audiences, or this an attempt to legitimise herself within the mainstream. Because, ultimately, why sacrifice all this smart, perceptive modernity for a finale hewn of Hollywood clich?
 Director Leslye Headland's follow-up to Bachelorette addresses big issues like the role of sex in relationships while delivering refreshing laughs thanks to a supporting cast who make their value known; Adam Brody's cameo is a revelation.
 ...funny, sexy and wonderfully free of reflexive irony. It's exactly what a romantic comedy ought to be.
 A pretty simple and easy going romantic comedy that keeps you hooked by the realness of it's story. [Full review in Spanish]
 The romantic comedy has re-emerged alive and well.
 Trying to win over the viewers with the strongest stomach for such things as devilish dismemberment is too depraved for me.
 The story echoes that of Roth's 2005 success, 'Hostel,' but it represents a descent into cynicism: The Americans butchered in a foreign land in the earlier film were sexual predators, but most of the kids here are guilty only of cluelessness.
 Any sense that the kids die because they never bothered to research the tribe they were trying to save is undermined by the movie's treatment of the natives as just as abstract.
 Eli Roth's new movie may be the scariest film you will ever see...if you're a food critic.
 It's the same xenophobic, sophomoric, silly slop that [director] Roth's been feeding audiences since "Hostel"...
 The result is a film that will delight Roth's fan base of gore fanatics, but will be quickly forgotten by everyone else.
 'South Park' took a bite out of social justice warriors last year. Eli Roth's The Green Inferno embraced that spirit ... literally.
 nothing if not cynical about human nature, although it does allow at the end for some level of human decency to emerge from all the carnage, both physical and political
 Too much time is spent preaching against social activism and not enough time is spent on the actual consumption of humans. It's a cannibal movie, for crying out loud.
 Whilst this is perhaps Roth's most mature film to date, and looks frankly gorgeous, if you're not already on board with the provocative style of filmmaking (Cabin Fever, Hostel), you're going to find The Green Inferno hard to digest.
 The film's failure is thumpingly basic: Roth just lacks the chops to turn everyone into chops, in any way which scores as either potent horror or lip-smacking satire.
 The sheer chutzpah of Eli Roth escalates in this breathtakingly crass, ultra-violent satire targeting the liberal PC classes - a twist on Ruggero Deodato's cult shocker Cannibal Holocaust.
 We see certain films so you never, ever have to, and The Green Inferno is one such atrocity.
 Eli Roth's cannibal horror movie has its full quota of gore, but this is much more than an exploitation pic.
 Roth's beautifully photographed, man's-inhumanity-to-man tract offers brutal thrills, grisly gore and bleak, thought-provoking horror, served up with the signature aplomb that his fans appreciate.
 Overall, a partial success.
 es, Roth's film has its expected moments of high transgression, but you can never get away from the fact that all these references have been attached to the most hackneyed teen slasher narrative imaginable.
 Flat-pack acting, frat-boy screenwriting (the portrayal of activists is spitefully dumb) and retro gore combine with smug throwback neocolonialist racism and unfunny jokes about diarrhoea, dope and Scooby-Doo.
 This one will leave a bad taste in the mouth.
 If there is a target for the pitiless cynicism of this brutal exercise in cannibalistic gore, I can't figure out what it is. Inhumane in multiple directions.
 It doesn't break the mold, but good pacing an a good balance of comedy and gore make this a good movie. [Full review in Spanish] 
 The best "scouts" movie since Moonrise Kingdom and this time with zombies. What more could you ask for? [Full review in Spanish]
 If you aren't a stoned teenage boy, then consider sitting out Christopher "Son of Michael" Landon's new film. This isn't for you.
 The Scouts' Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse is a one joke movie, like all genre splices before it, but it's a good joke - if a little laboured. A comedy with a contagious sense of fun.
 The film is full of tasteless humor, poop and sexist jokes all over. [Full review in Spanish]
 93 minutes with not many laughs or scares. [Full review in Spanish]
 Coarsely explicit groin-centric slapstick and trendy 'zompocalypse' theme aside, this is a surprisingly lively and agreeably goofy throwback to the 'Fright Night'-style teen horror comedies of the 1980s.
 An uneven yet passable horror comedy...
 It's like if you grabbed The Walking Dead and American Pie and mashed them together with fun, sexy and surprisingly hillarious results. [Full review in Spanish]
 Politically incorrect. excesive, raunchy, and in bad taste, but it's very funny. [Full review in Spanish]
 Scouts Guide isn't good enough to qualify as a guilty pleasure but it gets an extra mark or two just for its zombie cats... that's something you don't see in The Walking Dead.
 Inspite of how disgusting it could be, this is a fun movie, specially for teenagers. [Full review in Spanish]
 Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse does not seek to compete against higher profile zombie movies, but it turns out much more satisfying and entertaining than most of them. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Entertains with gross out humor, hilarious one-liners, and an action packed climax I was pulled in to.
 Beyond its tardy, fitful contribution to the undead evolution, this teen flick's apparently never heard of the actual women's revolution. So we're treated to some B-horror fun here and there, increasingly buzzkilled by horny-moan, male-it-in humour.
 The film delivers the kind of entertainment fit for a certain maturity level; your inner seventeen-year-old may enjoy this more than you'd care to admit, and against your better judgement.
 Demerit badges all round.
 Of course the movie lacks any sort of logic, but why does that matter if we've never seen an actual zombie horde? Better to enjoy the action and forget that it's not supposed to be a work of art. [Full Review in Spanish]
 If comedy horror that mines silliness and genitals for humour is your idea of hell, this will bring you close to suffering. But if you're a fan of the genre, I think you might rather like it.
 Zombie Apocalypse is as dumb as a box of rocks, and as spectacularly violent as you'd expect.
 It revives hope for a pop-art cinema that's capable of treating characters like actual human beings rather than pawns on a chess board.
 This uneven but sweet bildungsroman is distinguished by its light tone and idiosyncratic handle on genre conventions.
 Its stylistic brio makes Prince enough of a live wire to bode well for de Jong's future.
 Expertly paced and gorgeous to behold, Sam de Jong's Dutch-language directorial debut sets a stylish coming-of-age story in a bleak Amsterdam housing project.
 With pieces of its plot not deepened or stretched out far enough and tidily assuming their predictable spots in the finale, Prince oftentimes proceeds like a parade of tropes.
 The dialogue is stylized, part hip-hop, part American Western, and many compositions are studies in landscapes that are cool and resistant to the figures within. 
 At its narrative apex, Prince veers toward expected tragedy and then unexpectedly crumbles, both stylistically and thematically.
 De Jong indulges in some shocking, violent imagery in these passages, and this detracts from the film's effective social portrait; so too does the aggressively loud synth-pop soundtrack.
 Instead of shades of ambiguity or a structure that quivers upon impact, Sam de Jong, the writer and director of "Prince," depicts a universe in absolute terms. Ayoub's arc from good boy to bad prince is too rapid and uncomplicated.
 Although the disaffected youth drama knows no international boundaries, few have felt as fresh and consistently unpredictable as the slyly satirical "Prince" by Dutch filmmaker Sam de Jong.
 Prince could use another 15 minutes to flesh out its narrative and its relationships -- what movie couldn't? -- but it uses its time wisely and with an enormous efficacy only matched in size by the film's heart.
 While "Prince" feels a little slight when the credits roll less than 80 minutes after it begins, it's still a strong, creative addition to the crowded coming-of-age genre.
 Prince may be a little heavy on the style, but it is a contemporary style that lights up the story with energy.
 A slender, morally simplified fable that makes up for its tonal and narrative imprecisions with considerable visual energy, musical pizzazz, and a panoply of colorful characters ...
 It wants to be cute, it wants to cool, and it also wants to be thoughtful and engaging, but Sam de Jong is unable to make the story feel tight and focused enough to allow it to succeed on all those levels. 
 Like so many coming-of-age debuts before it, Prince isn't world-changing, but like the best of them, there's enough youthful electricity to De Jong's work to make you want to see what he does next.
 A Eurotrash hood movie, ineffectively placing a post-80s costume design and pastel color palette inside script elements as old as Mean Streets or something like Juice. 
 Blunt and Benicio battle bad guys in best in Tex-Mex drug war saga since Traffic. 
 If that is an experience to reccommend, I ignore it. I enjoyed the film on several levels, but found it depressing and tedious in others. [Full Review in Spanish]
 It examines the Mexican drug cartels and how corrupting they are and how ruthlessly they operate. The best scenes are the most brutal.
 Sicario is ultimately so obsessed with the minutia of its subject matter that it's often as engrossing as a day at the office.
 Sicario is as brilliantly made as Prisoners, perhaps even more so.
 There is actually little dialogue in this film. Facial expressions and the scenery take over for words.
 Blunt is terrific in a physically and emotionally demanding role.
 Intense, compelling and utterly nerve-shredding, Sicario is a cinematic gut-punch of a movie that leaves you reeling.
 SICARIO is playing in theaters opposite SPECTRE and generally is the same genre of film, but there is no doubt that SICARIO has a better and more relevant story with more believable characters. 
 Sicario may have a lot of downtime as it slowly unravels its plot, but it more than makes up for it with plenty of thrills, a fine ensemble, and excellent work from cinematographer Roger Deakins.
 The protagonist here is not the story, but its photography. [Full review in Spanish]
 Horror masquerading as action-thriller; a desert-Gothic descent into the nightmare-grotesquerie of Mexico's narco-war. Brutal and dismal in its Stygian twists, Sicario indicts the drug-war as a relentlessly macho, end-justifies-any-means battle.
 Yet another unwinnable 'war'
 Once again, Villeneuve leaves the moral judgement to the spectator with an open ending that will leave you guessing. [Full review in Spanish]
 It's the film's pervading sense of dread and unease - enhanced by Roger Deakins' sublime cinematography and Jhan Jhansson's skin-prickling score - that keeps us on edge.
 It delivers a constant, exhilarating stream of elaborate and exquisitely photographed thrills that ends up largely compensating for the would-be profundity.
 Villeneuve pulls no punches-it's refreshingly frank, and while it may not be a "feel-good" movie, it's a film that you're not likely to shake too quickly after it ends.
 There is much agony in this film, but its depiction is as forthright and unpretentious as it can be, and as such it must be respected in its search for verisimilitude.
 Sicario is a good film, filled with great moments and good timing for suspense and action, but its main conflict weakens as Emily Blunt's character does too, same with her will. [Full Review in Spanish]
 This is a film built on a foundation soaked in nitroglycerine; every situation seems pitched on the verge of combustion.
 It's as unsubtle as a boot to the head, but its dour-and-campy lo-fi style is far preferable to the spastic flash of its big-budget genre compatriots.
 Makes use of every room in the country house and every rock in the country mountains. Adkins gets more acrobatic as the movie progresses, like he's building up to the big jumps, but he still does plenty of fancy footwork and fistwork.
 Once Adkins and Florentine get their engines rumbling, "Close Range" manages to deliver some compelling combat sequences, blasting, kicking, and stabbing its way through a southwestern war zone.
 The conclusion hatched by Adkins' frequent collaborator, director Isaac Florentine, is as inevitable as the film's basic-cable destiny.
 Whilst Close Range doesn't reach dizzying heights of B-movie madness, there's still a lot of fun to be had.
 Kids face peril in silly talking-dog adventure.
 The thin story has been stretched like Silly Putty to feature-film length and the result is utterly see-through in its sledgehammer moralizing.
 Captive seems more concerned with delivering empty platitudes than with even beginning to address the complex root causes of human suffering.
 Yawn.
 They let the story, both fascinating and inspiring, speak for itself, and leave the rest to Mara and Oyelowo, each of them perfectly cast.
 Captive, to my chagrin, never finds its story -- that is, it never finds the meaning, the arc, the narrative that justifies its retelling.
 Solid but wholly unspectacular real-life crime drama that is only in the least bit cinematic because of its leads.
 The actors are committed - Mara, generally waif-like, appears frail indeed - but there's barely anything worth committing to.
 The film's whole agenda is the problem.
 Profoundly idiotic.
 What begins as a straightforward thriller tracing a manhunt following a lethal courthouse shooting bizarrely morphs into a paean to the powers of a Christianity-themed self-help book.
 You feel as if you have sat through a modestly interesting picture under mostly false pretences.
 There is a moral somewhere in Captive but it is hard to work out what it is.
 Committed performances from the two leads provide ballast, although the inevitable Oprah coda feels a little too much like a sales pitch.
 It's never clear to what extent God really touched these characters, nor do you ever really fear for Ashley's life. The result has a TV movie feel.
 Hokey nonsense designed to celebrate the power of piety.
 Hostage thriller about escaped prisoner has violence, drugs.
 Finally, Christian audiences have a top-notch, captivating film.
 How does an actor depict something as ineffable and internal as undergoing a spiritual awakening? Mara does it with only the darting of her eyes and the slowing of her breath, and it's an extraordinary moment that should be remembered come Oscar time.
 So inept a film, so bland and monotonous, that it fails even to serve as the blatant ad for the certain Christian motivational book it would appear to be.
 Captive is TV veteran Jerry Jameson's first theatrical feature since Airport '77. That's by far the most interesting thing about it.
 This segment about how food heals a community is poignant and powerful, and makes the hour-long doc feel less like something you'd find on the Food Network.
 For all its half-cocked plotlines, "Ashby" is able to maintain a consistently humorous and light tone.
 The film displays little ability to utilize Ashby's violent actions for means other than high-concept fodder and out-of-place bloodshed.
 It's Wolff and Rourke who have to carry the load, and for the most part they do.
 A winning film about reconciling one's self-image with reality.
 The bubbly Wolff and laconic Rourke have a nice comic give-and-take, but Rourke's face, in the right light, looks like a bad pottery experiment.
 As uneven as the movie is, it does manage to find a few pockets of compelling behavior to explore.
 A semi-engaging coming-of-age story with a smidgen of action-movie violence added to the mix.
 It's a comedy afraid of being too funny lest its macho sentimentality seem even more ridiculous than it is, and a drama afraid of appearing too serious lest you dismiss it as hogwash.
 It's a quirky life-lessons setup that, while occasionally earning deadpan laughs, tries for but never achieves Wes Anderson's patented mixture of the archly witty and the sneakily emotional.
 A smart, funny, and fresh variation on an age-old cinema trope is sparked by Mickey Rourke's richest performance to date.
 Charming coming-of-age story with good performances by Wolff and Rourke, even if the later is a bit too muscle-bound and coiffed to accept as a dying hit-man.
 Folks buying a ticket to Ashby hoping to see a film about the late-great director of Being There and Harold and Maude are about to be sorely disappointed. So is everyone else.
 The ambition outpaces the execution of this coming-of-age drama.
 "Ashby" is engaging enough, and features strong performances by Rourke and Roberts, but it's not a film that will linger on the mind for very long.
 A genre-blending adventure which somehow successfully combines elements of the coming-of-age and last hurrah formulas.
 Mickey Rourke is a grizzled ex-CIA assassin improbably mentoring Nat Wolff's misfit teen in this lukewarm genre jumble.
 Complex, violent comedy explores friendship and mortality.
 Sometimes the cast doesn't seem so sure it's a real movie, and, especially for the first act, it feels like they shot everything in one take, and left them all in the movie. Maybe they were afraid to yell cut.
 So much is random and lame here, handed little consideration before being committed to a hard drive. "Joe Dirt 2" is an awful film, absolutely unwatchable and depressing.
 Precisely as good as it sounds.
 But even by the rather lofty modern standards of cynical, pointless cash-ins, Joe Dirt 2 is pronounced, a sequel to a mild hit from nearly 15 years ago that even its most ardent defenders would be hard-pressed to justify
 Pointless sequel isn't funny; lots of profanity, crude humor
 At an egregious 106 minutes, Joe Dirt 2 feels like a director's cut where every single moment of footage was carefully preserved, no matter how pointless or unfunny or digressive it might be.
 You'd think that after 14 years, they'd have more than stale fart jokes and weak callbacks to bits that weren't funny in the first place.
 JOE DIRT 2: BEAUTIFUL LOSER is not a good film. In fact, it is utterly terrible.
 Memories of the Sword stands apart from other action films because Park wisely imagines violence as an elemental clash of dispositions.
 Park Heung-sik's Memories of the Sword is a historical Korean action film that delivers plenty of what its title promises.
 The plot in the South Korean martial-arts period-piece Memories of the Sword may verge on the incomprehensible but, boy, is it gorgeous.
 It would all be eye-roll-inducing were it not for Ms. Jeon's striking poise and the luminous presence of Ms. Kim, an eager performer who imbues the film with energy.
 These actors keep Memories of the Sword watchable and give us faith that we'll see them in better projects.
 Lavish Korean historical epic has many things going for it, but a bewildering plot and an undeniable repetitiveness undermine its intent.
 Not even A-list stars Jeon Do-yeon and Lee Byung-hun can save this plodding Korean martial-arts epic.
 An engaging tale that doesn't reach the level of epic but should appeal to fans of wuxia action and majestic visuals all the same.
 It's fast, slick and lovely to look at, but there's absolutely nothing there beneath the hood.
 Time and again, the filmmaker cuts the money shot meant to theoretically cap a sequence.
 Pitched somewhere between Duel and Joyride, this motor-psycho picture fails to stake out new territory or ring any significant changes on a decades-old formula.
 Less a chase picture than a driving-around picture, the movie relies heavily on long action sequences that never develop much zip.
 Exudes familial love and forgiveness.
 "Infinitely Polar Bear" is a much-needed reminder that the realm of film is still a place to encounter something other than comic-book scenarios.
 Ruffalo is generally wonderful at finding the tone and mood of a character and holding to it; here he has to bounce about, but again he latches onto a consistent energy that makes Cameron a singular life force.
 The tone of Forbes' at-times surprisingly funny script and the latest fine performance from Mark Ruffalo combine for a sweet, compassionate look at mental illness.
 Infinitely Polar Bear suffers from the same problems as many other movies dealing with mental illness... But a look back at writer-director Forbes' goals for her film shows that she accomplished what she set out to do.
 Infinitely Polar Bear certainly gives off a palpable sense of warmth and sincerity, but I wish that Forbes wanted to give her audience something a little more substantial than a case of the warm fuzzies.
 The story may seem lightweight to anyone in search of blockbusters during the summer, but it's a welcome bit of personal storytelling in which the only thing at stake for this family is everything.
 Writer-director Maya Forbes sets a sweet and compassionate tone throughout as she charts Cameron's trial-and-error growth as a parent.
 Surface-bobbing childhood memories may not deserve movie treatment
 Only really works when all the parts fit together. I found it hard to judge until the film ended. Up till then, I waffled back and forth as to whether or not I even liked it. 
 It often finds a lighter touch to some dark subjects. At times this is charming, but just as often, it feels tone-deaf.
 Forbes dug deep into her family history for her debut as a writer-director, and "Polar Bear" is a beautiful story, warm and generous of spirit. 
 Infinitely Polar Bear might be called an impressive debut, a slice of life that indicates a sensitive and empathetic presence behind the camera. This might have been a movie Forbes had to make, but it's unlikely to be her best one.
 To paraphrase a politician in a campaign ad, I approve the film's message, which suggests that a chaotic but loving household is as likely as a disciplined environment to produce well-adjusted and (more important?) interesting, creative children.
 Infinitely Polar Bear is a vivid snapshot of one family surviving in a state of chaotic, affectionate imperfection - and of a time when kids "raising themselves" was seen not as neglect but as normal.
 The performances are fine, and it's no mean feat to derive warm-hearted laughs from mental illness.
 Infinitely Polar Bear just rolls along, leaking all reserves of authenticity. You could argue that feeling aimless and oddly hollow actually is the right way for a film to reflect the close observer's experience of mental illness.
 Forbes' drama is very moving and has great compassion for Cameron, without turning him into some sort of saint or excusing him for his recklessness.
 As is the way in these Sundance movies, there are moments of beauty, nothing much happens, and at one point somebody runs through the woods.
 First-timer Forbes's earnest resolve to demystify bipolar disorder prevents her film from establishing a satisfying story arc. Ruffalo is good though.
 [A] wholly unpleasant, ungratifying experience.
 Robert Zemeckis's computer-generated spectacle about wire-walker Philippe Petit's famous promenade between the Twin Towers lacks any sense of tension because everything about it feels fake.
 While Zemeckis, who co-wrote the film with Christopher Browne, makes sure the movie looks wondrous, most of the characters are campy caricatures, especially after Petit and company touch down in the Big Apple and mingle with the Noo Yawk folk.
 There are moments when one regrets heeding its call to step right up, but when Petit steps right out, all is forgiven.
 It's worth it because the nerve-shredding climax deserves high praise indeed.
 Zemeckis jettisons most of the hard edges of Petit's character in favor of a wide-eyed follow-your-dreams story. Rendered in broad strokes, it falls more into the fairy tale category than anything else.
 It's an entertaining adventure that captures your interest and mantains it throughout at all times despite certain weak moments in the script. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The Walk, encompassing all the magical elements cinema has to offer, serves as a gorgeous tribute to those buildings loved, admired and missed by so many.
 Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes a physical, gestural and vocal work truly memorable. [Full review in Spanish]
 Zemeckis's film must be proud of being the most dizzying in its literal sense of history. [Full review in Spanish]
 While Man on Wire remains the better telling of Philippe Petit's story, Robert Zemeckis' The Walk is a fine adaptation of these events, culminating with one of the most breathtaking climaxes of the year.
 In spite of Gordon-Levitt's pretty terrible performance, the last thirty minutes of The Walk are what makes it worth the price of admission.
 The real star of the show is the World Trade Center, with its ghostly appearance that still evokes heavy emotions to this day.
 Undeniably goofy in tone but welcomingly sincere in spirit , for those who can get on Zemeckis's wavelength The Walk offers an array of pleasures.
 This is a fun and exciting execution of an inspiring story. It's beautiful. It's pure Zemeckis.
 A technically brilliant, sweaty-palmed account of the man who walked between the Twin Towers.
 [Petit] is the story, the story is a conduit for effects, and effects are The Walk's way of circling back to him.
 Robert Zemeckis latest piece of cinematic wizardry is not a good film - but it may be the greatest Imax film ever made.
 The Walk has good visual effects and an interesting story, but it unfortunately gets tiresome nearing the end despite solid acting. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Zemeckis is in his element here and the film starts to pick up energy, and as the outcome is no doubt-it's history, after all-Zemeckis eases us from the thrill of the caper mechanics into something more spiritual
 'Don't look down' may be the first commandment for aerialists, but director Zemeckis spectacularly ignores it. His camera soars above Petit, swoops below him, comes in close on his face, his slippered feet, his delicate hands.
 "Experimenter" is a psychological thriller in its own way...
 Mostly playful if occasionally pretentious ...
 This isn't just a director showing off and having fun with an offbeat screenplay. Almereyda is actively challenging us to take a fresh, complicated look at Milligram's research.
 Cinematic portrait of a provocative psychologist....
 Well acted, thought-provoking drama about role of authority.
 A compelling experience, a film of ideas that is almost a tone poem, too 
 Experimenter makes many smart choices and choosing to have part of the film's story play out like a staged play helped the narrative exponentially. 
 A robust biopic on Yale's controversial social psychologist Stanley Milgram.
 In the end, Experimenter feels a lot more like an avant garde play than it does a movie, but I think that's probably exactly what Michael Almereyda was going for.
 you need more than an intriguing social experiment to drive a feature-length film
 A smart biopic, a great history lesson, and an ode to critical thinking.
 Chilling docudrama revisiting Yale Professor Stanley Milgram's surprising experiment in human behavior finding a sadistic streak in subjects directed by an authority figure to torture by delivering electric shocks. 
 Director Almereyda is as much an experimenter and illusionist as his subject.
 Experimenter isn't groundbreaking, but a respectable contribution to the existing body of knowledge -- and given its evident ambition, this must mark it a failure.
 ... compelling even for those who know the outcome, and it conveys contemporary relevance.
 This is a fairly effective blend of biographical drama and semi-documentary form with some unusual film techniques, like black and white rear screen projection "time traveling" scenes. At times the "fourth wall" is also broken.
 What makes Experimenter so absorbing and cogent is how Almereyda uses biopic tropes to explore Milgram's legacy in a formally and narratively meaningful way.
 Almereyda wants us to be aware that this is a fiction even as he explores the ideas with great intelligence and the life of Milgram with curiosity.
 Impressive in its refusal to obey formal convention but less thrilling as intellectual legwork to which Milgram dedicated his life.
 The movie's unsettling depiction of our capacity for cruelty makes it essential viewing.
 This writer laughed so hard that I spilled beer all over my lap; and then carried on laughing. Ferocious, inventive and oh so very gory, Deathgasm is the most fun you'll have with a horror film all year.
 an affectionate skewering of coming-of-age tropes, metal culture and New Zealand mundanity, where the blood-splattered, head-severing end of the world proves utterly endearing. Death to false metal! 
 Shamelessly low-brow, reaching a beer-fueled gleeful high with a zombie-vs.-sex toys battle, it's a very metal tribute to the grand tradition of Kiwi splatter comedies.
 Director Jason Lei Howden has a flair for punchlines that are funny for reasons that are essentially impossible to describe. 
 Confident and giddily brutal.
 For everyone already inclined to see a heavy-metal-themed New Zealand horror-comedy called Deathgasm, here's some good news: The movie is exactly what it promises to be.
 A Cannibal Corpse album cover come to life, "Deathgasm" is a wily creation from writer/director Jason Lei Howden that's teeming with humor and gore.
 The gross hordes of undead spew humours and inner organs all over the screen in outstandingly nauseating ways.
 Deathgasm combines the visual flair of Edgar Wright's Scott Pilgrim vs. the World with the manic, gory energy of Sam Raimi's Evil Dead 2. In the horror-comedy pantheon, this movie most definitely rocks hard. 
 Deathgasm isn't just for lovers of metal and horror enthusiasts-it's a movie made for any misunderstood loners.
 It won't carry fans of "Shaun of the Dead" or "Army of Darkness" into unexplored territory, but it's energetic enough to slap a stupid grin on your face.
 A brew that aims for a campy, midnight-movie vibe it never quite achieves.
 In between the rampant four-letter words and the occasional partial nudity are likable attempts at humor - some sweet, some saucy.
 The director and his stars commit to the insanity of their project.
 With its localized demonic outbreak, Deathgasm plays a bit like Demons or Evil Dead, but with the energetic, lighthearted appeal (and splattery gore) of Dead Alive and the clueless fanboy heroism of Wayne's World or even Beavis and Butthead.
 Deathgasm drips with classic splatter film goodness. If you're on board, then the little issues won't detract from this darkly fun, unique little film.
 It's the rare over-the-top horror show that's also brimming with heart. Even if that heart is being ripped from somebody's chest.
 An unhinged horror comedy ...
 Howden can be hugely entertaining when he mixes some brains and heart in with the guts and gore, which is about half the time - mostly, the first half.
 "Deathgasm" is perhaps too busy for its own good and not always seamlessly plotted but the movie's infectious sensibilities are hard to deny. 
 Definitely worth a spin.
 A drama set around a cultural movement in 1970s Britain, this film captures the period beautifully, but its story is so underdeveloped that it leaves the fresh young cast without proper characters or relationships to play. 
 The plot is ropey but the soundtrack is fantastic. Whitehouse shows great screen presence and the likes of Steve Coogan, Ricky Tomlinson and Lisa Stansfield add some colour to the supporting roles.
 Newcomer Langridge does an excellent job of making John grow up through the course of the film, subtly moving him from mouse to man through a gradual increase in confidence.
 Brilliantly captures the amphetamine-fuelled energy and sweat-soaked fervour of 1970s northern England's soul music scene.
 "Northern Soul" feels driven by youthful energy. 
 This project was clearly a labor of love for Constantine, but it is hard not to conclude that her original documentary idea might have had a lot more passion than this flat-footed fictional treatment.
 The convincing atmosphere, performances and soundtrack of vintage Yank R&B obscurities make this an enjoyable throwback to a scene whose influence if not its fame eventually traveled far.
 While the dynamics of John and Matt's troubled friendship are nothing new, Northern Soul does a fine job of creating their world ...
 A revealing if disappointingly thin and histrionic drama about a couple of 18-year-old guys who gamble their dreams and future on riding a wave of youthful passion for soul music.
 Funny and feisty, gritty and sometimes grim, this first feature from the photographer Elaine Constantine delivers a sweaty snapshot of a very specific time and place.
 The first feature from writer-director Elaine Constantine, herself a Northern soul veteran, the film follows a fairly familiar innocent-led-astray storyline.
 Where this movie comes up short is in bringing any kind of real life to its bildungsroman side.
 The film has a ferocious, shaggy energy that mirrors that of the testosterone-, amphetamine- and adrenaline-pumped boys.
 It's best to not quibble with the details and just enjoy the sights and sounds of this period drama.
 Every last detail feels authentic, from the slightly unfashionable clothes to the cramped rooms in which John and his friends sort through records and piles of pills.
 The cast is mostly made of newcomers, and they are very good indeed.
 Disaffected youth and music go together like - well, there's actually no better simile. So how else to describe British director Elaine Constantine's first film? For one thing, it's got a well-defined sense of place and time. 
 Rich in period detail, it's as transportative to the shuffling spins, fashion subculture and euphoric, amphetamine-fuelled all-nighters of 1974 Lancashire and the cult-following DJs of the Wigan Casino as a documentary, turned up to 11.
 The movie is carried by the two hard-dancing leads, whose sweat-soaked strutting demands attention.
 The movie is dull right up until the point that it becomes completely, characteristically bonkers, with Miike trotting out some of his trademark obscene violence.
 Over Your Dead Body is a convoluted spectacle that sees Miike's visual prowess wasted on a puzzling story about life imitating art.
 two parallel narratives bleed into one another in a deeply irrational manner, blurring the boundaries between theatre and film, antique and (post)modern, actor and character, the living and the dead.
 Evocatively shot and earns a few winces of discomfort on its way to a lurid finale twist. What the picture fails to accomplish, however, is giving the viewer someone to care about, relate to, or understand.
 Instead of relying on frenetic insanity and buckets of viscera, this movie sets an uneasy tone where tension slowly crawls to its peak.
 Over Your Dead Body will certainly appeal to Miike's hardcore fan base, for his technical mastery of blood is on display throughout.
 [The Visit] seems aware that its core audience considers this kind of movie like a fairground ride. Shrieks of audience terror are usually followed by laughter anyway, and the two emotions aren't always that different.
 However the movie goes on to explain these alternately alarming and comic phenomena, the kids spend some time trying to sort it out, and their process is simultaneously predictable and clumsy.
 The best Shyamalan film since The Village. [Read full review in Spanish]
 While it's great to see M. Night Shyamalan return to the twisty horror genre, his use of found-footage leaves the film feeling like a decent premise with nowhere to go.
 Effectively modulated, balancing character exposition with pointed dialogue while injecting the plot's progression with slow (but gradual) increments of terrifying uncertainty.
 An unfulfilled promise. [Full review in Spanish]
 The Visit marks Shyamalan's best horror effort since 2004's The Village, and one can only hope that this marks the start of a comeback for the once-reliable filmmaker.
 ...an exemplary cast, the script is keenly aware of not only our horror expectations but our Shyamalan expectations, too, using it against us in the best possible way.
 Stop the presses: M. Night Shyamalan has made a film that doesn't suck.
 M. Night Shyamalan's first foray into found-footage territory conjures up a few scares, but otherwise operates on autopilot.
 The Visit is a pleasant surprise.
 A movie that doesn't know if it's a horror film or a comedy, but it's a good hybrid that we can be sure will captivate us and entertain us. [Full review in Spanish]
 It's brutally creepy, funny, and packs a meaningful message about forgiveness.
 The twist is that The Visit reminds you that M. Night Shyamalan has a remarkable mind for what frightens us.
 With The Visit, Shyamalan has delivered a delicious horror gem so intense that you may accidentally rip the armrests off your seat from clenching them so hard.
 Don't go in expecting some big Sixth Sense-style twist but The Visit does provide a satisfying blend of thrills and laughs, so if you're into spooky movies, it's worth a watch.
 'Welcome to M Night Shyamaland! What's that? The new one? Well, there's creepy stuff, a Hansel and Gretel bit, grandma gets loony, the ride gets a bit Psycho with a kitchen knife and a basement, and...well, the last section's a bit rickety, really.'
 Though it may not be all that scary, it gets brownie points for being strange.
 With "The Visit," M. Night Shyamalan might well be coming out of his 12-year sophomore slump.
 There are a lot of both the good and the bad "Shyamalanisms" in this film to both support the argument that this is a good comeback and to show that he isn't the filmmaker he was 15 years ago.
 The film's very legitimate concerns were more expertly explored in a 2014 series by Brandon Loomis for the Arizona Republic.
 Not bad for a brazenly derivative, time-killing knock-off.
 It almost requires belief in magic - and high tolerance for hokum - to buy this whopper of an action picture. But here's where good acting builds empathy and defeats cynicism.
 Heist, like the kids' game Mouse Trap, has plenty of moving parts but a simple set up. And like a lot of criminals, it thinks (and acts like) it's smarter than it is.
 Heist goes from lousy to even worse. The screenplay is so clunky, not a single cast member manages to sound believable. Familiar, likable actors from Kate Bosworth to Gina Carano to Morris Chestnut are buried under an avalanche of awful.
 It combines elements of classic heist movies, but a poor script leaves it far from being a good addition to the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
 Heist hangs together almost entirely on Morgan's charm and dogged determination.
 Caught between genre potboiler and would-be human drama, "Heist" doesn't have a mark to hit. But it leaves some good impressions.
 Whatever its flaws, "Heist" is to be commended for repeatedly finding ways to distract us from them.
 In the race to make the greatest number of crappy movies, Nicolas Cage has been De Niro's strongest competition. Now De Niro pulls way ahead.
 As vapidly generic as its title, British director Scott Mann's "Heist" is a by-the-numbers crime thriller that squanders a decent cast, including Robert De Niro, Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Dave Bautista.
 As throwbacks go, it's more bearable than shoulder pads.
 Everything is dully routine, with characters much too composed in volatile situations to be believed.
 Another dull, DTV-caliber actioner with a depressingly good cast considering the material. 
 Applying the brakes to detail worry only reinforces flimsy screenwriting and iffy casting, losing the movie's appeal as it struggles to build a more dramatically sound offering of complete nonsense. 
 The film sets out to do nothing, and I think it does 'nothing' very well (either way you read this is fine).
 The heist in Heist is pretty pedestrian, and the film turns into Die Hard-on-a-bus with a couple of so-so twists and serviceable spasms of action. If that's what you're looking for, rent Speed instead.
 Unexpected, fast and well acted are the three terms which I'd use to describe this adaptation from director Scott Mann. [Full review in Spanish]
 Echoes of better movies abound in Stephen Cyrus Sepher and Max Adams' screenplay, mixed with an illogic entirely their own.
 Despite a high-concept idea and a good cast, this crime thriller feels somewhat half-baked and rushed. It might once have been promising, but it seems like something went wrong along the way. 
 ... more tedious than exciting as it leads to a preposterous climax.
 An uninspired mixture of slapstick comedy and sentimentality, A Walk In The Woods gets by on the charisma of the two stars but there are times when it feels stretched to breaking point.
 Plunders laugh-out-loud scenes from the book - getting kitted out with ludicrously expensive gear, becoming obsessed with bear attacks - and turns them into deadening Grumpy Old Men/Victor Meldrew-ish moments of bewildered outrage.
 Robert Redford and Nick Nolte are fine actors, yet even they cannot save this one note story of a long journey to nowhere.
 It's not heavy; it's not wildly significant. But A Walk in the Woods has a redemptive tone, a gentle lesson about aging and limitations and never giving up despite any required climb, uphill or otherwise.
 Nolte finds real sympathy for Katz and delivers a compellingly watchable performance, even if you're slightly afraid he'll keel over at any moment.
 In the lightest movie ever made by either one, Nolte and Redford barely pull this one out of Lake Woebegone territory.
 It hits its stride now and then, and mostly because of Nick Nolte.
 While you might find yourself musing how much more interesting it might have been to watch Emma Thompson walking in the woods for a couple of hours, you might also be distracted by the film's presentation of the Appalachian Trail per se.
 Echoing his witty writing style, Bill Bryson's memoir of his trek up the Appalachian Trail is adapted as a gently amusing comedy that combines big landscapes with sharp observational humour. 
 Redford and Notle are a great comedic couple because of their respective on screen personas. [Full review in Spanish]
 Most of the jokes revolve around the age of the characters and an over dependence on slapstick humor make this a rocky and slippery hike of a movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 Unfortunately, its shenanigans end up being tiresome instead of charming. [Full Review in Spanish]
 Man, I'm such a sucker for movies about grumpy old men taking trips.
 A little more pace and purpose might have prevented this being so pedestrian
 An enjoyable comedy for mature audiences, with some really hillarious moments. [Full review in Spanish]
 A fun and simple comedy that works due to Robert Redford's and Nick Nolte's charisma. [Full review in Spanish]
 The premise of bickering old friends forced together while out of their comfort zones has been done before and far better (Whitnail and I, City Slickers), but the two leads' star power and easy charm makes this an enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours.
 The film contains many incidents, constant drops of humor and some tear-jerker. [Full review in Spanish]
 Here, Bryson's a wizened cipher, wrapped in a grizzled grump, inside a pickled jerk. Patter gets pat, wise old-guy talk vies with lame wisecracks, and slapstick turns slapschtick. This slog's a waste of time and space.
 Bear jokes, poop jokes, bear poop jokes--this movie's got it all.
 That none of it makes any sense is not a problem, but the failure to raise the temperature despite endless shootouts, punch-ups, car chases et al is a fatal flaw.
 There are few surprises and no-one really to warm to.
 The film is as soulless as Agent 47 is, conforming to all the mediocre-thriller cliches (the action zips from Salzburg to Berlin to Singapore for next to no coherent reason) with little originality.
 Someone needs to put out a contract on this franchise.
 So badly based on a video game that, with every new level of bland cool or serious silliness, you'll wish Mr 47 would scissor-jump barrels to blow Donkey Kong's brains out, or cart-chase Super Mario--anything to make this exciting at some bullet-point.
 We've revisited a franchise that failed to get off the ground with its preceding, 2007 endeavour - and one that could struggle to do so yet again.
 It seems like eight short years ago I reviewed a movie called "Hitman" that was based on a video game. Oh, wait a minute. It was. And I did. 
 A good Hitman film should appeal to fans of the source material, engage thrill-seeking cineastes and, at the very least, satisfy theatregoers who want to sit in a dark room and be entertained... On all of these counts, Agent 47 fails irredeemably.
 It's really more of a miss than a hit, man.
 The movie is garbage, somehow simultaneously boring and irritating.
 Works pretty well as unintentional amusement whenever it goes completely insane. Unfortunately, it's mostly just inane, and that's not much fun. 
 In Hitman: Agent 47, Bach doesn't really offer anything. [Full review in Spanish]
 [A] slick, efficient and utterly banal piece of global cinema product. 
 The seduction is his perfection, his ability to function without the clutter of emotion... It's why we buy magazines like Real Simple and watch Hoarders: so we can imagine, for one moment, that we're capable of overcoming our human flaws and messy house.
 By the final frame you'll be grateful it's game over.
 Where HItman was happy to be derivative of the genre movies that inspired the game, Agent 47 takes those inspirations and pushes them to gleefully insane degrees.
 Hitman: Agent 47 does deliver sleek production values and a stand-out performance from Hannah Ware... Other than that, it's a nonsensical story that feels as if it was written by a 10-year-old who plays too many video games.
 Unfortunately, while Hitman: Agent 47 may offer a passable diversion for the action fans among us, for everyone else it's best avoided.
 The plot is generic in the extreme and the dialogue and acting barely disguises the fact that it's really just a series of not very exciting set-pieces strung together.
 Rupert Friend plays an assassin even deadlier than Homeland's Peter Quinn... But his very indestructibility means the story's formulaic action never gets particularly gripping.
 With this film the cowboy genre moves beyond modern and postmodern. You could call it postmillennial, post-apocalyptic, post-ironic.
 You'll be watching - at least, I was - with your hand clamped over a mouth in various states of aghast-ness. But the film's bloodiest moments, in a real turn-up for the books, are also its saddest.
 It has a nice line in wry chatter and a pleasantly old-fashioned 'lost posse' plot with engaging, odd characters striving against the wilderness while swapping cynical frontier wisdom.
 Cult status could beckon for this well-made, macabre and violent western-horror from cinematographer turned director S Craig Zahler.
 Make no bones about it, this is worth a couple of hours of your time.
 This delivers humour, horror, bromance and blood in an exquisitely freaky fashion. A weird and wonderful Western.
 S. Craig Zahler's ambitious genre bender is Western, black comedy and gory horror movie, all at once and entirely successfully.
 It is mostly just an excuse for the debut director, S Craig Zahler, to whip the rug out from under you, Tarantino-style.
 Requiring both patience and a cast-iron stomach, Bone Tomahawk is an acquired taste, but it stays with you long after it's over.
 a funny (strange and haha) western landscape where it is all too easy to get pillaged, consumed or lost. 
 Wow! What a grueling, richly rewarding and meticulously crafted film.
 A radical fusion of disparate elements which all enhance one another beautifully.
 If you like flinty, offbeat Westerns, flavoursome dialogue and expert acting, then there's a fair chance you will relish Bone Tomahawk. But be warned, this slow, absorbing tale eventually turns savage and requires a cast-iron stomach.
 As entertaining as it is to watch Russell and co it also strains the patience. The kill-crazy ending does make up for it, though.
 Unlike great westerns that have come before it, Bone Tomahawk isn't one that takes its time to develop its character and story.
 Ultraviolence aside, there's plenty to admire about this innovative genre-bender.
 Although not wholly successful, Bone Tomahawk is nevertheless the latest example of the quiet renaissance that Westerns have enjoyed over the past few years.
 A perfect blend of horror and western elements. [Full review in Spanish]
 Bone Tomahawk makes its characters shine through a smart script, staying away from the traditional and often used formula. [Full review in Spanish]
 ... a sturdy frontier western about strong but decidedly mortal settlers who take the responsibilities of community seriously, and its odyssey takes them to the border of horror cinema without leaving its frontier drama landscape or sensibility.
 Halfway through, The Perfect Guy flips from bland romance to a weak woman-in-peril suspenser.
 I can't say with absolute authority that The Perfect Guy is the most unimaginative stalker-boyfriend movie in recent years (I've got a lot of Lifetime movies taking up space on my DVR), but man, it sure feels that way.
 A reasonably engaging thriller with some topical overtones.
 Predictable thriller wastes strong cast; some sex, violence.
 Derivatively written, [and] has a laughable villain, but its success still needs to be celebrated.
 The unsure tone screams that this is a director embarrassed by the film he's making.
 Only Lathan's earnestness holds the film together -- she's so good while being given so little to work with, it's a crime that she isn't headlining better films than this one.
 An enragingly stupid and obvious 'thriller' jammed with dull genre clichs, wild hypocrisy, and just a hint of victim blaming.
 The Perfect Guy manages to deliver a handful of tawdry thrills and remains solidly watchable thanks to its classy cast, but it lacks the ambition to rise above generic thriller box-ticking.
 The beats of the character are as follows: lovely, lovely, lovely, satanic, satanic, satanic.
 A checklist of 90s thriller cliches (so tired you can almost see the cast yawning) get trotted out with a multitude of gloss yet zero creativity, in this disappointingly strait-laced Fatal Attraction knockoff.
 The Perfect Guy is a lazy retread from the Fatal Attraction department of stalker movies.
 Little more than an NRA promotional video targeted at African-Americans.
 A superficial, yet effective time-killer.
 Lathan, Ealy and Chestnut do their best with the poorly-written script but even their experienced acting chops fail to save the copycat thriller.
 The B-movie riffs are efficiently executed, but the biggest mystery is why this supporting feature should be troubling our cinema screens when its target audience is firmly nestled on the sofa.
 The Perfect Guy might be high melodrama . . . yet despite its faults, it dresses nicely, wears good cologne, and has excellent table manners.
 A paint-by-numbers stalker thriller a tad too predictable for this critic's taste.
 So very earnest in its incompetence that it's kind of sweet.
 Glossy but blandly directed stalker thriller The Perfect Guy fails to do anything interesting with its stock set-up and there's no erotic frisson between the characters. Sadly, a misted shower door is as steamy as things get here.
 [A] shallow, self-important biopic.
 You know a movie's something special when it succeeds at generating tension and excitement from a game in which two people do little more than stare at a board and move pieces of wood. And does it ever. 
 A call to speak out against the neglect of those with untreated mental illness.
 It's ironic that a player as unconventional as Fischer should inspire such a thoroughly conventional biopic. Still, plain professionalism has its upside, if less spectacularly so than genius.
 too literal and heavy-handed in its treatment, and Bobby emerges as yet another tortured genius who fell prey to his own demons, as if there is no other alternative. 
 Landing somewhere between art-house and solid mainstream entertainment, Pawn Sacrifice probably owes its art-house cred to its cast, subject matter and screenwriter Steven Knight .
 Like all of Zwick's works, it's perfectly watchable fare, but it's often infuriating for its refusal to dig deeper into its incredibly compelling subject.
 Pawn Sacrifice has all the pieces in place (ha ha) and yet it's missing that intangible spark necessary to elevate a biopic beyond the realm of dramatic reenactment.
 Yawningly dull Cold War chess drama squanders the charms and talents of Tobey Maguire (as Bobby Fischer) and Liev Schreiber (as Boris Spassky).
 In the end, however, it seems Fischer is just a one-trick pony. Apart from chess, Fischer seems stunted as a human being. It is an interesting tale, and a sad one, about the thin line between genius and madness. 
 The most engrossing sports tournament I've seen onscreen in years.
 A sports biopic with all the cliches, anachronisms and sentimentalisms in the genre, but has good acting and directing. [Full review in Spanish]
 The visuals and acting create an agile rhythm and compliment one another, helped by the dynamic editing (done by Steve Rosenblum)thel accents work in its favor by giving it some historical context. [Full Review on Spanish]
 A movie that's more about the spectacle of chess than the life story of the greatest chess player in history. [Full review in Spanish] 
 A portrait of the master chess player and world champion Bobby Fischer during his 'Game of the Century' against B. Spassky that falls short in its attempt to capture the singular epic feeling of the match.. [Full review in Spanish]
 A movie about victory, loss, paranoia, and tolerance. It also includes one of the best performances ever by Maguire. [Full review in Spanish]
 An enjoyable film with great moments of suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
 An Impeccably produced film with an interesting story that handles well the suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
 The story of an extraordinary triumph and accurate portrayal of the Cold War era, remarkably well produced and told. [Full review in Spanish]
 A passionate and humanizing film. [Full review in Spanish]
 Written by Bobby Lee Darby and Nathan Brookes, the new film is a sequel to "12 Rounds" in name only.
 The "12 Rounds" franchise never used its central idea to the fullest potential, but removing it completely wasn't the answer, either.
 While children may be spellbound by the amazing special effects and outrageous events, lovers of Peter Pan may want to quickly return to the original's simpler charms.
 Wright stages some very colourful set-pieces, but the film-making never takes wing. It doesn't help that the performances are as broad as any you will find in a pantomime at the Hackney Empire.
 Although not without problems, 'Pan' is worth seeing because of its amazing special effects, impressive cinematography, and imaginative production design. 
 For the most part this is as flimsy as Tinkerbell's wings: big on gossamer sparkle, low on substance.
 Pan is fast-paced and visually impressive.
 While the special effects are as good as anything you'll see in a cinema this year, some of the performances are end-of-the-pier awful and the storyline's a crib sheet of at least half a dozen much better fantasy flicks.
 A deeply disappointing film from an incredibly talented filmmaker. It sometimes works. More often, it doesn't. It's mostly watchable, but it's a lot of fuss over not much. 
 "Pan" just peters out.
 Loud and lumbering, its seems like a transparent attempt to launch a franchise based more on financial than creative rationale.
 Full of amazing effects and riding a fine, over-the-top performance by Hugh Jackman, "Pan" is sure to be a hit with the 12-14 crowd.
 A crazy, colourful adventure anchored by a delightfully devilish turn from Jackman.
 Joe Wright's Pan is lacking in the fun, excitement, and magic that made earlier adaptations of Peter Pan so endearing and memorable, leaving behind a troubled prequel that even kids will more than likely find to be a tremendous bore.
 Even with its excellent special effects, it's a shame to see Wright and co. completely turn [Peter Pan] in to a flat, and boring prequel we never asked for in the first place.
 A soulless special effects extravaganza. Quite possibly the least pleasurable Peter Pan story in any format, ever.
 All the key players in this movie are unquestionably talented, but they're part of something that feels like a blatant and somewhat desperate attempt to be something it's not: a movie that captures the imagination and ignites a franchise.
 The fantasy adventure invites our senses on an awfully big adventure, but lands with a dull thud where it matters most: our hearts.
 A postmodern splish-splash, this film ziplines here, there, everywhere. The movie's feel skids from circus-tent carnivalesque to amusement-park giddiness. Never boring, Pan's also never sure what it wants to be.
 The story is clunky and too many of its details jar with Barrie's original. Didn't Captain Hook go to Eton? How come he's suddenly become an American cowboy? And given that he still has both hands, why on earth is he already called Hook?
 [Wright's] airy sensibility regarding the material melds with the arts-and-crafts production design to create an earnestly fun, brightly colored joyride.
 Joe Wright creates feelings of pure joy and wonder in the audience as he takes our hand and flies us over the surreal landscape of a world that does not exist.
 Sebastian Silva's Nasty Baby is a sweet story that becomes enthralling, as it takes an unexpected, twisted act 3 turn.
 "Nasty Baby" rights itself intriguingly when Silva pushes his characters into unknown territory and lifestyle is imposed upon by life.
 Nasty Baby takes aim at a fat target: gay modern-family dramedies, those well-meaning, self-congratulatory films that haven't actually felt modern in a decade.
 Silva's screenplay has a slice-of-life feel; Sergio Armstrong's cinematography provides the natural lighting and handheld camerawork that adds to that sensation.
 (The end) slams the brakes on any goodwill you had for the characters.
 The real shock is how a low-key indie drama becomes so broad and overheated, hinging partly on a dumb joke and becoming one itself.
 Sebastin Silva's Nasty Baby declares its button-pushing intentions right on its in-your-face title screen, but it actually ends up having a surprising amount of heart.
 Ultimately, Silva's uneven command of tone undoes whatever goodwill his actors have managed to generate. They - and we - deserve much better than this.
 An awkward scene between the artist and a local gallery director highlights Silva's fluency in the rituals of social superiority.
 Offbeat drama about modern babymaking turns dark and bloody.
 an engrossing film that is as original as it is thought-provoking in how it will challenge your complacency
 This unusual, well-acted drama disappointed me with its shocking turn to the dark side during the last part of the movie. 
 It's difficult cinema, absolutely so, but like the most interesting of the difficult movies, it's an eminently memorable watch.
 Dramatically undercooked and shot in a way that makes the whole thing feel random and amateurish.
 Gentrifying neighborhoods are a timely target for satire. . .pitch-perfect at capturing . . .worst pettiness, condescension, and isolation. . .in their brave new PC world.
 ...as in his criminally underseen "Magic, Magic," there is a strong sense of foreboding all along, Silva littering his story with clues that this just may be an unholy alliance.
 After the off-kilter weirdness of Magic Magic and Crystal Fairy & The Magical Cactus, the Chilean director returns to the dark-shaded humanity of his breakout hit, The Maid. Nasty Baby is his most satisfying work to date.
 Timely social satire of the most scathing and cynical kind.
 Like many Rivette films, Nasty Baby is an enigmatic comedy-drama set in a bohemian subculture, with a plot involving the creation of a work of art.
 Its character study and performances are accurate and compelling, bringing the desired critique successfully, consummate and credible. [Full Review in Spanish]
 By far the most slickly produced and insistently evangelical movie yet from the sibling team of Alex and Stephen Kendrick. 
 Occasionally preachy and oversimplified, yet captivating, tender and heartfelt. It can lead to many interesting discussions if you open your mind and heart to it, and forgive its preachiness. Karen Abercrombie gives an emotionally radiant performance.
 The message is strong but the movie is weak. 
 Basically the love child of Kirk Cameron and The Room.
 It's a sermon about the power of prayer.
 Spirituality can be a beautiful thing to explore in cinema, but "War Room" has no interest in engaging its audience on a personal level.
 One of the more entertaining and relatable faith-based films to hit the big screen in recent times
 Badly-acted, poorly written, a hackneyed sermon that (barely) preaches to the choir. 
 Another strong inspirational cinematic experience from the Kendrick brothers.
 Faith-based drama deals with marital discord, infidelity.
 Extraordinarily powerful and box office success
 [The faith-based] audience will respond to the movie's sunny, squeaky-clean look (courtesy of cinematographer Bob M. Scott) and the fervent sincerity of the performances. Let others be warned: the sermonizing is nonstop,
 It's clear that the film, though proselytizing only at itself, is at least savvy enough to realize that "itself" doesn't necessarily look like Mike Huckabee or Pat Robertson.
 War Room is the most slickly made faith-based film I've seen yet in terms of production values, but that doesn't make it quote-unquote good, per se.
 An affluent African-American family is going through some domestic issues: Husband loses job, daughter is being ignored, mother has a foot-odour situation - the usual. The answer? Submit to a resurrected carpenter.
 Kendrick's view of Christian devotion involves only trivial sacrifices and offers a gospel of self-help that masks its wider doctrinal implications.
 Despite a few fumbles, this moving film about the power of prayer still packs quite a punch.
 This is no mere entertainment. It's an instructional video.
 If faith-based films want to be taken seriously as cinema, they deserve to be held to the same standards as any other feature.
 Slick production values cannot overcome a preachy script full of strained metaphors delivered by wooden actors. Like a corporate promo video for God.
 Perry's movie may not be easy to watch, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't.
 It's that tension - will Catherine really go off the rails, and how far will she go when she does? - that makes "Queen of Earth" such a transfixing experience.
 [Perry's] gracefully disturbing execution conveys a tangible sense of the emotional violence and attrition that can underlie seemingly placid social surfaces...
 The film would be nothing but a hollow exercise if its hollowness weren't so hauntingly precise.
 A good try at a difficult story but a lack of character development leaves us in a vacuum.
 "Queen of Earth" isn't a laugh riot, not by a long shot. But it is a good movie, and a fascinating study of descent.
 Well made, written, acted and crafted, it's the sort of movie that doesn't go down easy, takes no prisoners and leaves you hoping your own life will never resemble theirs.
 If you're gonna go hard to the closeup, you're gonna want to work with a face like Elisabeth Moss's. 
 ... throws acid on its off-putting characters and their hopeless situations and rubs moviegoers' faces in it rather than offering any substantial insight or depth.
 Queen of Earth is one of the least recommendable films of the year. This is a film that chooses to ride a tidal wave of agitation and bitterness instead of portraying any sort of amusing or enticing qualities.
 Its effects will stick with you, even if you don't quite understand them.
 Until the final act, the tedium is somewhat overbearing.
 It's amazing that a movie about such a dark subject can play so thrillingly and vibrantly.
 It's a horror movie you need to watch through splayed fingers, not because of anything frightening on screen, but because of its awkwardness.
 Queen of Earthsurrounds Elisabeth Moss's mesmerizing performance with an actual movie, a low-key homage to Euro-horror films - complete with an appropriately thrumming and discordant score. 
 Moss is a formidable force of twisted nature. At once vulnerable and acerbic, chaotic and single-minded, she renders Catherine's pain palpable even as she staunchly refuses to pander to the audience's sympathies. 
 Perry's most impeccably constructed and executed yet.
 Elizabeth Moss gives a scorchingly down-to-earth performance as Catherine, a woman on the cusp of a colossal mental breakdown.
 A sensually photographed and intriguing, tart psychological thriller, that sets an eerie mood tone.
 What should be a weekend of bestie comfort becomes fraught with expectations, assumptions, and resentment.
 It's all completely over-the-top and loaded with cheese, and the mix of comedy, arch melodrama, sweeping CGI vistas and plentiful if improbable action doesn't quite gel.
 Unfortunately, the first casualty is good acting, which dies a noisy, overly dramatic death.
 The least interesting question to ask about a movie like "Dragon Blade" is whether it's any good. Of course it isn't, not especially, but questions of quality pale next to the greater headscratcher: What is it?
 People are burned alive, crushed like insects, hurled from rooftops. They may not deserve all this. But neither do we.
 Dragon Blade" is a solidly constructed epic that, despite its many battle scenes, has a strong message of pacifism and unity.
 It's kind of a mess. That more than 20 minutes have been trimmed for the stateside release may have hurt the film's coherence, but viewers will be thankful for the shorter sit.
 The whole plot is incoherent, and it's depicted almost entirely through montages and crossfades.
 In Dragon Blade, East meets West in a murky, mediocre muddle.
 Just about everyone seems to get slashed, carved up or skewered, and vengeance rains down upon all. Except, of course, the one villain who truly deserved it. The filmmaker.
 For those who ever wondered what it would be like to see John Cusack and Jackie Chan engage in a swordfight (both of you), here is "Dragon Blade."
 Not an ideal Chan vehicle but, on the other hand, it gains a lot from his ecstatic presence. 
 This Chinese battle epic features exciting, show-stopping fight scenes, but the storytelling in between is almost non-existent, as if lazily looking for ways to kill the time. 
 The film barely passes the entertainment mustard. 
 Epic in scope is 'Dragon Blade' -- but not the best film Chan has made.
 Cusack does a good impression of an estate agent having a midlife crisis, while Brody adds to his gallery of eye-rollingly awful performances by going full Tony Montana.
 This generic offering simply doesn't transcend the tropes of the genre at hand.
 There are nice moments, but this is pure bombast, and Chan's natural action flair is not given free rein.
 Chan brings martial artistry to the fight, Cusack his siege skills, and the the film overall is a mishmash of languages, styles and tones.
 Handsome production design and sweeping battle vistas lend a touch of class, with Chan directing the action scenes with trademark brio.
 Dragon Blade offers a daftly entertaining throwback to historical epics of the 1960s.
 An intense drama with a great cast and an impeccable production. [Full review in Spanish]
 Johnny Depp gives an impressive performance that proves that when he wants to, he can be one of the greatest actors in the business today. [Full review in Spanish]
 If it wasn't for Johnny Depp's brilliant performance this would be just another forgettable gangster flick. [Full review in Spanish]
 There's plenty here we have seen before... and seen done better.
 A pacey, involving thriller that hinges on a disciplined turn from Depp.
 All praise to Black Mass.
 An enjoyable, if occasionally derivative crime drama, that's elevated by a career-best performance from Johnny Depp.
 A crude testimony of the life of a criminal that shows us that it doesn't matter what you do, what matter is how and when you do it and who see's you doing it. [Full review in Spanish]
 Depp's performance as Bulger goes far deeper than swept-back, thinning hair and leathery, reptilian skin and delivers a soul-chilling study of sociopathic evil.
 Packs a nasty gangland punch, but lacks the Corleone clout necessary to back up its much-discussed blood-and-honour themes.
 Depp has never been short on menace, and he is so unpleasant as Bulger that his usual gangster charm never kicks in, leaving the audience cold.
 Black Mass moves like a heavyweight, and when Cooper lands his punches they hurt. I can't imagine it's going to do much for the South Boston tourist trade, though.
 The tale torn loyalties and brazen betrayals make for a solid thriller.
 Bulger was a cruel killer and an ally of Irish Republican fascism but it's not all bad, he gave us Johnny Depp back. 
 ...as real-life mobster James "Whitey" Bulger, Depp may have found his greatest performance.
 For a biopic of a real-life person, this feels like an oddly standard mob thriller. It's the true story of Boston gangster James "Whitey" Bulger, and it's told with gritty filmmaking and robust performances.
 Strip away Depp's theatrics and Black Mass is a handsomely crafted, if overly familiar, tale of crime and punishment that faintly echoes Martin Scorsese's Oscar-winning drama The Departed.
 Here Depp is controlled, measured and deeply unsettling.
 A solid, straightforward if not particularly memorable addition to a genre that has seen a number of illustrious contributions in recent years.
 Black Mass is all about Bulger. But thankfully, that means it's all about Depp. And you won't be able to tear your eyes from him - even when you want to.
 Comic animated robot tale has heavy action, crude humor.
 While the latest vehicle for Tom Cruise is taut and fast-paced, the spectacle too often trumps the substance.
 It's sort of a combination of the Bourne films, James Bond, and a Road Runner short. 
 If you can stomach every unbelievable conceit that comes standard in a spy/thriller/action picture, then Rogue Nation is a pretty good time.
 Taking in luxurious locations, scintillating set pieces and nail-biting tension, Rogue Nation maintains the Mission form guide -- and leaves you wondering what other methods of near-death risk-taking Cruise has left up his sleeve.
 In Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation, the obvious comfort level between star and director pays off nicely.
 Tom Cruise lends the character an intensity and bug eyed gutsiness that make him a hero you want to root for...
 No one should come to a Mission: Impossible movie for anything but those set pieces, and director Christopher McQuarrie delivers some rich ones this time around, with strong assistance from cinematographer Robert Elswit.
 Thankfully, watching [Tom Cruise] do all of this is still great fun.
 There was probably more spectacular action in the last film but this one is just as much fun and could feasibly make a star of 31-year-old Ferguson, who steals scenes while everyone else is trying to steal memory sticks.
 Rogue Nation is terrific fun, the best action movie of the summer without Mad Max in the title. It's also, arguably, the best Mission: Impossible movie, impressive for the fifth installment in any movie series.
 Ultimately, it's another utterly gripping entry into a franchise that has really found its feet... dangling from the outside of a plane.
 [Rogue Nation] could be the best Mission Impossible film.
 With Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation, we're getting the best Bond movie since Casino Royale in 2006.
 Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation lives up to the franchise name, presenting us with a successful outcome to the seemingly impossible mission of producing a truly excellent summertime action flick.
 Could there be a more surprisingly pleasing spy franchise than this action adventure series? It doesn't allow James Bond or Jason Bourne to take all the accolades.
 Perhaps it's a shade lighter on the mind-warping trickery-within-chicanery effects seen in previous Missions, but on the other hand the interplay between the characters achieves a lightness of touch rare in your average blockbuster.
 Tightly paced, ambitiously conceived, superbly executed, and greatly enriched by the instincts and wits of its producer-star [Tom] Cruise.
 Exciting, intelligent and well filmed. [Full review in Spanish]
 Sure, you'll lose count of the "well, that's not very realistic" moments, but that's never mattered in a Mission: Impossible film and it certainly doesn't in this one. 
 As brisk as a Mission: Impossible movie has ever been.
 Feels like a long trailer for the sequel (that may never come). [Full review in Spanish] 
 This one starts off better [than the previous films], with a reasonably intelligent script, sprightly direction by Trank, a great comic-book noir look, and pleasant rapport among the stars.
 An epic fail in Hollywood's comic book movie universe this not-so-fantastic flop is so bad it could send the whole genre on a downward spiral. What a mess.
 The film drains the spark from four talented young actors with clunky dialogue and a crushingly dull narrative. The special effects aren't that special, either.
 Ultimately, Fantastic Four comes off as a laboured setup to a sequel that's predictably already in the works. That, of course, raises another mammoth question: who the hell will want to see it?
 Creio j ser hora de o Cinema desistir de levar o Quarteto Fantstico para as telonas.
 An above-average comic-book adaptation...
 Until the special effects take over in the final act, this is an unusually gritty, grounded superhero thriller, with characters who are so believable that the wacky science almost seems to make sense.
 This much-reviled reboot represents a legitimate attempt to imagine a superhero origin story as a cautionary science-fiction/horror yarn of the type ('The Fly,' 'First Man into Space') that likely influenced Lee and Kirby in the first place...
 Maybe it's time to just accept that these characters will simply never work on film.
 There are so many things wrong with Fantastic Four . . . that you could never squeeze them all into a conventional film review. 
 For now, the only big screen on which Fantastic Four deserves to be seen is the one in your living room, on a Saturday afternoon, on Syfy.
 I can't help but feel that this was another type of film, but someone put his hands on it and it all went to hell. [Full review in Spanish]
 ... features subpar visual effects and one-dimensional characters, along with a story that lacks emotional depth or any meaningful subtext leading to the obligatory trumped-up finale.
 Despite the best efforts of its talented cast, this joins Terminator Genisys as this summer's big disappointments. Far from fantastic.
 Two distinctly different approaches to filmmaking are employed here and neither of them manages to eke out a victory over the other.
 A jumble of predictable but also incoherent plot turns, dreadful dialogue, and unfortunate visual choices.
 Laboriously reworks one of the most well-known origin stories in superhero comics.
 Though undeniably ambitious in spots, this beloved Marvel property - as produced by Fox - feels stitched together and disengaged.
 It's a real shame that a likable ensemble has been squandered in this reboot. It feels like these four leads could've been fantastic, but in reality they're a pretty unremarkable bunch.
 As funny as the first film, though a little slow towards the end, "Ted 2" is everything you were probably expecting and more.
 Perde o pouco flego que tinha j na metade da projeo.
 Some parts are funny, but overall it's a forgettable movie that doesn't hold a candle to the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
 A surprising smart comedy, loved its politically incorrect humor and cameos. [Full review in Spanish]
 One of the worst movies of 2015. [Full review in Spanish]
 This soft, squidgy sequel squanders its comic not-quite-crappiness by padding out its length and getting seriously dull in its exploration of a talking bear's 'personhood.' (Paddington versus Descartes, anyone? I thought not, therefore I zzzzzzzz.)
 Ted 2 is nothing new, but it's entertaining and a safe bet. [Full review in Spanish]
 Ted 2 is funnier and has a better story than the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
 Even for those who enjoyed the first film, the novelty has worn off by now.
 At least there's a joke about how Amanda Seyfried looks a bit like Gollum. Take your victories and all that.
 Ted 2 is best enjoyed entering into the cinema not really thinking much about what is going to happen, allowing you to think only about the possible repercussions when everything is done and dusted.
 Being awful is still no substitute for being funny - but Seth MacFarlane's talking teddy bear sequel does manage some laughs anyway.
 Ted 2 isn't any good, but people will go to see it because, like, a children's toy says the f-word.
 Ted 2 works best when it hews closely to Family Guy's rhythms of fast dialogue and cutaways to quick, self-contained skits.
 If you liked the first Ted, you're going to really enjoy Ted 2.
 Director and Ted voicer Seth MacFarlane's follow-up to 2012's Ted has plenty of his trademark crude humour but it all feels rather desperate and silly.
 This is a below-average sequel that feels like a watered-down version of the first film.
 It should go without saying, everybody with a heart and soul deserves to be treated equally. Sometimes it takes a cursing, flatulent, pot-smoking, joke-cracking teddy bear to teach us common sense.
 This will not be for everyone -- but if you loved the foul-mouthed bear first time round, he just got even filthier.
 The whole devolves into an over-long Family Guy episode chock full of random asides, weird cameos, and goofy homage.
 It's an interesting choice, but it isn't handled in a compelling way.
 Documentary-like in execution, Fat doesn't hold back as Ken reveals both his body and the most intimate details of his life.
 A dark film about shame and self-sabotage, Fat is not a pretty picture. The truthful ones rarely are.
 Rodriguez just slays this role.
 There is fearlessness here, and uncomfortable raw honesty, but there's also little opportunity to care about a man who pushes everyone, including us, away.
 Without being innovative or particulary revealing, this documentary appeals to be empathic with the audience being very simple in its narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
 Guggenheim takes a wholly admiring view of Malala and her family, and you wouldn't want it any other way.
 He Named Me Malala will certainly make you think while making you smile, and that's something any film can aspire to.
 Where the film glows is its depiction of Malala's relationship with her Dad, Ziauddin, himself an inspiring, influential and brave activist. "He named her Malala" after an important folk heroine, and together, they are something to behold.
 The best thing about the film is its truly heroic Pakistani teenager heroine and the few unrehearsed glimpses we get of her.
 Davis turns his documentary a celebration of free thought, knowledge, integrity and the fight for freedom, all of which the world needs so much right now. [Full Review in Spanish]
 An interesting and touching story that benefits from a fresh narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
 The director's critic eye is a key aspect of this great documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
 The film follows an idealized version of Malala and misses the opportunity of exploring lesser known aspects of her already well know and publicized story. [Full review in Spanish]
 A rousing profile of the teenage Pakistani girl the Taliban tried to kill for her belief in education and equality...one of the unintended pleasures is registering how Malala has become the worst possible nightmare to her failed murderers.
 Oscar-winning director Davis Guggenheim (An Inconvenient Truth) creates a riveting portrait of the youngest ever Nobel Peace Prize winner, Malala Yousafzai.
 He Named Me Malala is a deeply touching story of a proud father and daughter, who have drawn strength from each other in times of unimaginable pain and adversity.
 He Named Me Malala tells an important and engaging story.
 It's a shame that Guggenheim's slickly produced documentary examines such an important and fascinating story with such underwhelming results.
 The most gratifying takeaway from He Named Me Malala is how ordinary Malala is shown to be, when she isn't lobbying the United Nations and visiting beleaguered countries.
 It ends with a hashtag because it knows its target audience would rather be pandered to with easy-chair pleasantries.
 It's as digestible as a book report, but not probing.
 Guggenheim's portrait of teenage Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai is remarkable in terms of access to its subject's life.
 It has the feel of a handsome classroom study aid, but nonetheless one every child (from nine to 90) could learn from.
 Davis Guggenheim's solid and moving documentary He Named Me Malala gives us the background of a story that shocked the world, but could have been more rigorously made.
 We need more than fumbling clichs, and Slow Learners doesn't deliver.
 Only a few scenes fail to draw laughs in a movie that's unexpectedly smart and consistently amusing.
 A winsomely appealing opus that has enough funny lines, courtesy of screenwriter Matt Serword, situations and feckless loser characters to divert.
 Even if this movie isn't fresh, it's often amusing.
 It's amusing by any standard - the offbeat story of two nerdy lonelyhearts who decide to spend a summer on the wild side.
 A satirical romantic comedy that gets mixed grades in the laughter department.
 Adam Pally (The Mindy Project) and Sarah Burns (Enlightened) are good company and well-versed in dual deadpan delivery. 
 The film's brisk energy, witty visuals and sharp supporting cast (including Kevin Dunn and "Saturday Night Live's" Bobby Moynihan) together push an appealing but thin story idea over the finish line.
 Although it is difficult to believe that the people on screen would actually do the things they do, the movie is undeniably funny.
 While it's true that many of the scenes would be hard to perform without breaking into laughter, it's often difficult to share in the mirth. Call it hermetically sealed humor.
 Cute and funny, and certainly worth Netflixing, especially on Valentine's Day. 
 A very cerebral and complex thriller that succeeds in creating a spooky, and very ominous villain who is center stage in a truly scary story...
 It is a handsome-looking film, though it has a promo look to it occasionally, like a lavish tourist ad.
 A fascinating insight into a quite bonkers sporting event.
 Palio is a propulsive documentary about the horse races held every summer in the picturesque Tuscan town of Siena and the frenzied passions they provoke.
 Wonderfully vivid.
 To the uninitiated, Siena's Palio is simply a horse race in fancy dress... Spender's fascinating documentary gives us an insider's view of the passions that sustain the eight-centuries-old contest and the devious scheming that goes on behind the scenes.
 Spender assembles a good mix of veterans who fill us in on the changing nature of the Palio, particularly as it has become more of a professional event ever the last 20 years or so.
 Cosima Spender's documentary... plays like a classic sports drama thanks to its memorable central characters. 
 A rare kind of documentary -- muscular and refined, and a splendour for the eyes.
 If the film is understandably intoxicated by the multi-coloured spectacle on offer, it's under no illusions as to the insidious corruption and insane brutality unleashed on the path to the prize.
 While Spender spends enough time with both new and retired jockey legends to collect a gold mine of macho, bullheaded rapport, you wish she delved deeper into the more sinister, behind-the-scenes wheelings and dealings.
 Despite its oversights, the film - shot and scored beautifully - is an enthusiastic introduction to this delirious event and its peposo of passion, style and intrigue.
 As dramatically satisfying as the most crowd-pleasing scripted sports saga.
 Racing enthusiasts will be satisfied with the time spent in the stables and on the track, though I kept waiting for the film to push deeper into its corruption angle.
 [A] fascinating documentary ...
 Palio is an exciting documentary, though I'd have liked it more if it had paid some attention to those who have levelled charges of animal cruelty against the race. If it stops short of being a tourist promotion, it's only by a nose.
 Seems more like a Lifetime Network movie than something designed for theatrical release. 
 Should be quietly euthanised.
 It's overly busy and seems to mask that there's something lacking. Grenier anchors with a nuanced lead performance, but for such a starry cast, the cinematic quality doesn't match up to the talent on screen.
 A richly emotional character-driven drama.
 Rather oddly titled for what's basically a sentimental family pic, "Sex, Death and Bowling" mixes numerous formulaic, overfamiliar elements that never quite gel.
 Attempting a complex tone combining melodrama and quirk, it's moderately successful on a few fronts.
 What starts out as a freak show ends up a poignant tale of tragedy, redemption, and the boon of taxidermy.
 You might not think that a documentary about two men fighting over a severed leg would be funny, touching, and insightful, but it is.
 If you're in the mood for a tragicomic documentary, the startlingly original "Finders Keepers" fills the bill.
 Carberry and Tweel never condescend to their hella-Southern subjects. And that's why Finders Keepers gives them a leg to stand on.
 [Carberry and Tweel] turn this odd story into something surprisingly touching about and compassionate toward these people.
 All totaled, the documentary about inequality, entitlement, male success, and the struggle to feel significant in America is entertaining and insightful.
 [A] jaw-dropping oddity.
 Finders Keepers is that horrible, disastrous, and massacre-inducing train wreck that you can't look away from. It's similar to an episode of "Jerry Springer" if it had more of a cohesive story, stronger characters, and a massive dose of heart. 
 "Finders Keepers" isn't as funny as it sounds but it sure is a twisty tale, one that garnered international attention.
 At times, the story seems headed toward an expected conclusion, but every time it feels like things should be wrapping up, some new hurdle arises to be overcome.
 Filmmakers Bryan Carberry and Clay Tweel, over the film's quick 84 minutes, find some humanity and pathos in the story, which eventually takes an unexpectedly heartwarming turn.
 It is a strange tale and, I have to admit, an original one.
 Somewhere at the intersection of reality TV and a Coen Brothers picture lies Finders Keepers -- as peculiar and entertaining a story as you're likely to find. 
 One of those loopy tales that can be squarely filed in the "stranger than fiction" category.
 Finders Keepers has the sort of plot that no screenwriter in his or her right mind would ever dream up.
 It's a complex portrait of class conflict, sad family legacies, and the dangerous allure of the spotlight.
 It's a richer portrait than we might expect in an abysmal era of reality TV.
 Finders Keepers is an entertaining documentary worth your time.
 The film is a hodge-podge of archive clips and interview material but it just about gels and a host of smaller scale family stories round it out nicely.
 A film exploring the undoing of two men, the strange circumstances that see their lives interconnect, and the qualities we've come to value as a society.
 Weird and honest about the malaise that can settle into driftless adulthood, "The Strongest Man" suggests that the only way to way forward is to accept where we are first.
 Another stab at that school of comedy in which adult losers acting like particularly dweeby 13-year-olds in nonsensical situations is assumed to be automatically hilarious.
 The kind of indie doodle of a movie in which several potentially interesting ideas co-exist but never quite come together and where supporters will call the narrative "freewheeling" while naysayers will insist on "rambling."
 Doesn't piece together as an experience, just random points of tonal triumph in picture that seems perfectly comfortable adding up to very little.
 Although Beef and Conan are far from stereotypical, the quirkiness and eccentricities ascribed to them by writer-director Kenny Riches harp on their otherness all the same.
 It's uneven, goofy and personal, in all the ways that independent comedy can be both delightful and occasionally befuddling.
 Like the waves of the ocean its characters occasionally and semi-fearfully embrace, The Strongest Man continually goes in and out, connecting and drifting away.
 Writer-director Kenny Riches lays on the whimsy pretty thick, and his sub-Jarmusch deadpan style (inert camera, intentionally flat line readings) adds another layer of affect to the story.
 It's definitely an acquired taste, but it's most helpful to view the film as a fairy tale.
 Another painstaking portrait of an American man in crisis from writer-director Oren Moverman.
 Director Oren Moverman doesn't seem all that interested in the grimy horror of homelessness except insofar as it gives him an opportunity to show Gere in the midst of an identity crisis: who am I, and how do I fit into the world?
 is a fun little chase flick
 Clearly the subject matter compels him-Gere's activism is well known-but this isn't your usual social drama of our culture's down and out.
 The film captures the alienated state of homelessness so completely that by the end the average citizens strolling by seem foreign.
 At the risk of shattering its delicate creation, Time Out of Mind maintains its detachment and adheres to the confines of George's meandering life.
 Social workers and policy makers talk about people falling between the cracks, and Time Out of Mind is the view from that space that the system isn't built to get into.
 It's clear that this is a filmmaker with an eye for telling powerful stories in nuanced detail - even if Time Out of Mind may be a little too nuanced for its own good.
 It peters out on the home stretch, but there's so much here that's impressive.
 Moverman's screenplay boldly rejects conventional plot structure, instead showing us George's life in breaths and snatches. It's all soundtracked by the city itself: a great clamour of engines and voices, disembodied and indistinct.
 A compassionate and worthwhile work.
 Rejoice, fans of silver foxes and Eighties love-gods. A week after Richard Gere scorched the screen as a billionaire morphine addict in The Benefactor, he's back, and this time he's on camera for nearly every frame.
 It's a drama about the struggle for self-respect in the most parlous of circumstances, providing an ultimately convincing and affecting glimpse into a situation that few will ever face by choice.
 The film eventually reels you into its rhythms and the payoff, while slight, is surprisingly rewarding.
 Oren Moverman's observational drama about the day-to-day life of George (Richard Gere), a homeless man in New York, is made with delicacy and insight. 
 Oren Moverman's film is entirely reliant on Gere's acting qualities, which is rather like relying on the Titanic's buoyancy qualities.
 Richard Gere is a quiet knockout in Time Out of Mind, the Oren Moverman film that has for some reason remained as below the radar as its invisible (to the rest of society anyway) central character.
 Everyone listed in the final credits - especially writer- director Oren Moverman - should feel proud of their involvement.
 You'll share George's sense of weariness as he searches for a simple night's sleep, but more importantly you'll believe in the cold world he inhabits, and the complex plight of those around him.
 This is a tough, honourably made drama with a poignant performance from Gere.
 Scorch at least feels more like a feature-length film than The Maze Runner, which played like a sizzle reel for another film that would eventually follow it. It doesn't shed all the problems of that prior installment, but it's a start.
 dumbed-down science fiction
 Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials delivers more and bigger sci-fi action-adventure thrills than the original Maze Runner.
 The Maze Runner saga is not at the level of other YA adaptations like Harry Potter or Hunger Games, but it works as light entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
 Focus is lacking -- and it may make you, like the Gladers, miss the comparatively taut Lord of the Flies intensity of the first installment.
 As derivative as the first movie.
 If it sounds like there isn't an original thought in The Scorch Trials' scripted head, you're right. But at least you won't be smacking yourself in the head trying to figure out what's going on.
 This sequel drops the maze and loses its identity. The mystery at the heart of the original is replaced with something far more generic here.
 ... It all feels like setup for part three, "The Death Cure," due in February 2017.
 After the rather lacklustre teen-dystopia adventure The Maze Runner, the action continues in this equally gimmicky sequel. 
 Perhaps the next installment will actually provide the real thrills instead of postponing them.
 Effective, quirky and even downright strange, this sequel overcomes a bumpy start to become a minor delight of the fall season.
 ...did they run out of money and/or hoped no one would notice? In the meantime, can we please get Dylan O'Brien a better movie?
 The virus-infected, zombie-like 'Cranks' are old hat, but Rosa Salazar (as a sass-mouthed teen survivalist) and Giancarlo Esposito (as a wily rebel) add freshness.
 Young adult dystopia for dummies.
 Overall, a much improved movie over the first, which I also enjoyed.
 A better-made, worse movie than its none-too-involving predecessor.
 Boilerplates the YA-gloomy-future fad down to an obstacle-course at the worst-ever summer camp. Plot points are struck with predictable force; line after line battles hopelessly with clich; camera shots are fired so routinely they feel pre-programmed. 
 Seen in its own right, it's a perfectly passable wasteland, zombie-escape, teen horror, but as part of a whole that is presumably supposed to add up to an all-conquering teen phenomenon... its hard to see where this episode fits in.
 Still, there's plenty of fun to be had from the fleet-footed zombies and random nods to Mad Max.
 Annaud uses its ultra-realistic Imax 3-D images to frame excellent filmed theater, a well acted, compelling yarn.
 Wolves, horses and sheep are the principal players in the movie's set pieces, which are powerfully staged and tightly edited, if sometimes oversold by James Horner's bombastic score.
 Annaud creates a vivid sensory experience that simply doesn't make much of an emotional impact. It's all fur and no fangs.
 Worth seeing just for a spectacular sequence depicting the wolves chasing a herd of prize horses toward a frozen lake during a blinding snowstorm - which appears to have been shot with minimal computer-generated fakery.
 Among the outstanding set pieces, the most spectacular is a battle between the wolf pack and mounted herders trying to control a horse stampede in the middle of a blizzard.
 If it strives too hard for weighty import, Wolf Totem remains an occasionally stirring portrait of Mongolia's wolf population.
 It becomes difficult to separate the natives from their communist masters in terms of their treatment of their natural surroundings. 
 Epic in scope, yet at the same time intensely intimate in its handling of its protagonist's inner life, it's a unique wildlife tale that sets a tribe of humans against a majestic pack of wolves.
 At the film's core is a quirky love story between the student and the orphan wolf cub he finds and raises.
 Annaud's adaptation of Jiang Rong's Chinese novel is a visual wonder but a dramatic dud, a cut-and-paste mess of plot snippets, illuminated by the occasional inspired visual conceit.
 Characters seem carved from a much larger narrative. The landscape and painstakingly trained wolves are the true stars.
 There's no denying the beauty of the film's imagery, violent and tender, or the emotional power of the final moment in the boy-and-his-dog love story.
 Something ends up lost in translation. Its aspirations of looking and feeling recognizable end up uncomfortable and embarrassing.
 Presented in IMAX 3D, there are scenes in this film that are literally breathtaking when they are not capturing or breaking the heart.
 Though Wolf Totem is notable for being a Chinese-scripted-and-shot film that actually offers some kind of critique of the communists, it nevertheless falls into a fairly well-worn story of an outsider growing to appreciate a culture he's come to change.
 Annaud and company make a bold environmental statement cloaked in a personal story of one young man's personal growth, change and awareness.
 The four-legged creatures are more compelling than their two-legged counterparts in this visually stunning 3D adventure.
 The greatest aspect of "Wolf Totem" is the gorgeous, sweeping cinematography that captures the landscape in breathtaking aerial shots and crystal-clear color. The story has its touching moments but dissolves into disjointed melodrama. 
 A true story that manages to seem both mythical and too fantastic to have really happened, Jean-Jacques Annaud's epic 3-D Wolf Totem is ultimately a hymn and a plea for ecological harmony.
 if the film has a true star, it is the environment itself, which is enormous and daunting, dangerous, yet serene
 It's a good effort by all, even if it does fall short of complete success.
 Marvel's signature gigantism is reversed with agreeable results.
 As fun as you expect from Marvel, but really misses Edgar Wright.
 No other Marvel installment has felt as weighed down by its obligations to the franchise.
 Like a super-powered heist movie, mixing fantastic invention with a tried, tested and all-too-familiar formula.
 In these playful moments, it feels as if we're watching a sly spoof of a typical Marvel film; but then the film reverts to more predictable blockbuster fare.
 It functions well as a comedy, and light hearted fantasy, while channeling the spirit of classic Marvel tropes of the underdog, redemption, and the construction of an avenger.
 The same tepid, timeworn routine with a few chocolate sprinkles of 'fun' on top. ... Marvel has become its own antonym.
 Ant-Man is a highly-entertaining romp that boasts outstanding special effects and thrilling action sequences, turning this tiny hero into a big-screen success. 
 Rudd's humorously self-deprecating persona works wonders with the material and he gets terrific support from Michael Pea, who takes [a] stereotypical Latino sidekick role... and makes it fizz with good-natured fun.
 Ant-Man has its charms, but they're frequently lost beneath a story that feels like a patchwork job. It's a fun watch, but also a frustrating one.
 The result is one of Marvel's most purely enjoyable movies to date.
 The best moments satirise the grand action sequences we've become accustomed to in these tentpoles.
 Even when it looks as if it might drop the ball, Marvel scores another touchdown with this fantastically fun film.
 Ant-Man marks the culmination of Marvel's "Phase Two" and they've brought the chapter to a close in likeable style.
 Ant-Man is a largely self-contained, breezy, hilarious and gorgeous heist film that manages a feat few recent superhero films do: It stands up well on its own.
 This movie proves that fans should wait until a movie is released before passing judgment. Based on the behind the scenes drama this should have been a disaster, instead the little movie that could Triumphs!
 Michael Pea is striking that Ant-Man and makes it clear that is humor, not imposed seriousness of the Avengers, that will keep us faithful to the superhero genre. [Full review in Spanish]
 Delighting with inventive setpieces and an affable lead in Paul Rudd, Ant-Man is eccentric enough to amuse, but can often feel watered-down in execution.
 So Ant-Man is an admirable but flawed attempt to expand the Marvel canon. The script is far from Marvel's best and, considering the film aims to be light hearted, lacks the laughs that bolster so many of these films.
 Rudd is indeed the right man for the job, for at all times he seems at peace with himself, wearing a slightly mischievous grin and speaking in soft tones that make you want to pour your heart out to him as if he were your very old friend.
 The most impressively flavorless movie in many a long age.
 The Minions movie is almost complete nonsense, but it's good natured, enjoyable nonsense nonetheless.
 Minions is despicable, or maybe it's just me.
 An idea is only as good as its execution, and after spending three sessions with these characters, one is left with the speculation that some ideas, perhaps, would have been better left as part of a rough draft on the printed page.
 Backing up all the funny Minions antics is one of the best soundtracks ever and some very cute musical numbers.
 Without the clever plotting of the first, the presence of the bumbling brilliance of Gru, or a wall-to-wall array of ludicrous jokes, the film almost succumbs to its own ego.
 So much here's fairly uninspired, lacking depth and detail, or not so zippily zany. Mostly these underlings just underperform.
 Minions is a fun backstory for a popular group of sidekicks, but it really shouldn't extend beyond that. It does a good job with what it has, but it won't leave you asking for more.
 The Minions crave a strong parental figure but, as creatures of pure mischief, they don't need hugs -- and their antics quickly become tiresome.
 Lightly Miniony fun throughout, this Minionish comedy should please fans of general Minionishness who don't mind the goofiest Mininionesque gags.
 Forget a never ending stream of superheroes or the dredging up of long-dead nostalgia properties; this is the real death-knell of modern cinema.
 The overall effect is mildly diverting and almost instantly forgettable.
 Like many supporting characters, the minions were better in that role: idiotic foils for Despicable Me's brooding, tormented Gru.
 An incessant assault of mindless, mirthful mayhem with enough cultural allusions mixed in to hold the attention of adults, too. 
 This third in the animated 'Despicable Me' series finds the familiar balance between villainy and heroism, silliness and relevance, but it is a bit thinner. As characters, the Minions have a lot of limitations. This is for kids only.
 Divorced from the be-thankful-for-family homilies that motivate the 'Despicable Me' movies, this first solo outing for the lozenge-shaped scene-stealers improves on its predecessors: It's a Looney loop-de-loop of nonstop funny noises and sight gags.
 Some gags might be saucy, in a European sort of way, but they're never crass.
 As it is, Minions is one of the summer film highlights and pokes fun at just about everything.
 This is a hugely enjoyable ride and, with Despicable Me 3 not due until 2017, provides a welcome fix of Minion-shaped hilarity to see us through till then.
 There's no denying the minions are adorable, but they're strictly for the kids.
 Beautiful and soul-stirring. One & Two is a magical and transcending experience about the strength of sibling love
 The silent scenes, which hold so much power in the first act, feel emptier and emptier, the closer the conclusion nears.
 There are simply too many loose ends to distract us, and too much empty air in which audiences can't help but poke holes.
 Disparate influences percolate but never quite cohere in Andrew Droz Palermo's first narrative feature One & Two, which while atmospheric and beautifully lensed ends up being a touch too elliptical for its own good.
 Sally Draper leaps to the big screen in this slight, sumptuous drama about teleporting teens.
 The film tries, unsuccessfully, to walk the same eerie, atmospheric trail as "The Village" by M. Night Shyamalan, or any number of Stephen King works.
 "One and Two" never feels as momentous or as angsty as a good story about moody teenagers should, and that's mostly because the film lacks a menacing parental adversary.
 Gorgeous and naturalistic shots by cinematographer by Autumn Durald speak volumes, and the atonal, foreboding score by Nathan Halpern creates a sense of dread, though they are ultimately squandered in an underdeveloped story.
 Strong performances across the board render this a frequently involving and moving experience, with the endearing chemistry between the screen siblings making their bond wholly believable.
 It looks beautiful and there is an interesting denouement, but it disappoints; the build-up just isn't developed enough for it to matter.
 It's like Terrence Malick were making a superhero origin story. The lack of explanation wouldn't be a problem if the ending didn't feel somehow predictable and lethargic, but the cast help make this watchable.
 Every half-hearted plot twist and supposedly startling jolt underlines just how feeble and derivative this all is. The end result is just silly rather than scary.
 It's a very handsomely made film, the performances are very good, and Palermo's understated vision is definitely intriguing. We just can't help wishing that there was a bit more to it.
 Quiet and contemplative, One & Two is confident in the story it wants to tell and achieves so with remarkable poise.
 Despite a lot of shortcomings and undercooked elements, The Transporter Refueled is a mildly entertaining action film.
 A breezily paced car chase film that does exactly what it says on the label.
 So many amazingly absurd things occur during the course of "The Transporter: Refueled" that it's almost easy to forget that the basic idea driving this fourth installment is itself nonsensical.
 There is more intrigue in one of Stevenson's winks than in the entire plot, though, to be fair, Skrein does a good job of staying unrumpled in even the most violent tussles.
 What exactly is the point of a Transporter movie without Jason Statham?
 The Transporter: Refueled conclusively proves that this series' mild success has been a result of Jason Statham's magnetic turn as the central character...
 Bad script, bad cinematography and bad acting... everything is wrong in this movie. [Full review in Spanish]
 Talk about your mindless entertainment! The acting in this thing is worse than deplorable. Had the acting been any better, the film wouldn't have worked. But it's clear that nobody is taking anything seriously and it is somehow strangely enjoyable.
 Worst movie of the year.
 It appears that this franchise has hit a dead end, running on nothing but fumes.
 Stupid. But not in a good way. Just plain, insufferably stupid. The movie objectifies the women in exactly the same way the villains do. In a summer that saw the rise of Imperator Furiosa, I'm sorry, this just won't do.
 The movie is running on empty, with the same sort of insane plot and laughably unbelievable stunts that made the first three movies hardly worth the trouble to begin with.
 For each deliriously silly action sequence, Refueled offers long scenes of tired genre conventions played straight.
 Don't think too hard about it or you might ruin the ride.
 An exciting, pleasantly mindless way to blow 101 minutes.
 In spite of the "unexpected" plot twists, the movie is predictable and barely holds up for its 90 minute running time. [Full review in Spanish]
 Like James Bond, wilfully anonymous driver Frank Martin is reborn as a new actor without any fuss, shifting the tone of the franchise from Jason Statham's knowing wink to Ed Skrein's stone-faced glower.
 You have believe the unveliebable if you want to ba able to enjoy this one. [Full review in Spanish]
 Sticking to its roots, the movie shows us an impeccable fighting and driving machine, but not much else. [Full review in Spanish]
 Ed Skrein takes the wheel from Jason Statham's underworld driver for this relaunch of the action thriller franchise but there's not much gas left in the tank.
 A film of big ideas and rich themes that nevertheless grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go until the credits have rolled.
 This is a potentially interesting film that for various reasons does not quite work. It is hard to get invested in the woes of Travis, a morose and unappealing character.
 With fine technical credentials on a low budget and impressive playing all round from Winter Matthews' movie is certainly worth seeking out.
 The last gasps of a romantic relationship between two very different men are intimately and delicately charted in the beautifully immersive, if decidedly somber, "Like You Mean It."
 The creatures -- which range from a human-sized frog to a sprite with a big metal box for a head -- provide a worthy showcase for Murakami's prodigious visual imagination.
 Takashi Murakami has invested the film with the same sort of primal pop-art aesthetic that distinguishes much of his art.
 Watching unmemorable child protagonists repeatedly fight and bond with each other and a bunch of F.R.I.E.N.D.s, tacky-looking Pokmon-esque monsters, is unproductively exhausting.
 At once heavily pretentious and suffocatingly derivative. 
 Whatever you might think of Mr. Murakami's paintings and sculptures, they are invariably polished and eerily perfect, but his movie seems thrown together.
 The film is rich in the artist's creative imagery, but too thin in its storytelling to captivate a casual audience not already enamored with his work.
 [The] story [is] barely original or interesting enough to sustain a half hour of kids' TV.
 Though it may amuse hardcore devotees of kaiju film on video, the film hardly threatens to make Murakami the next Julian Schnabel.
 Japanese artist's fantasy film is disappointing, derivative.
 Whatever theories Murakami has perfected in his visual art, he's miscalculated in his feature-filmmaking dabble.
 Unfortunately, a narrative feature film is more than just moving images, and once Murakami dives into narrative and character, Jellyfish Eyes begins stumbling all over itself 
 Israeli director Nadav Lapid uses a well-worn concept - a lonely little boy is taken under a teacher's wing - to create a slow, creepy movie.
 What is weird, and ultimately destructive, is the way that The Kindergarten Teacher conceptualizes its child prodigy.
 Lapid's skilled direction and Larry's fascinating performance allow us to find the true art in the unexpected, much like Nira does herself.
 A self-assured, remarkably powerful film from the Israeli writer-director Nadav Lapid.
 Nadav Lapid's astonishingly bold film about a gifted child and his effect on his teacher is a rewarding, unsettling and moving experience.
 "The Kindergarten Teacher" is too lackadaisical to be as profound as it thinks it is.
 You may be perplexed or shocked if you take it literally; thoughtful, if you consider it social criticism; or get carried away to consider it allegory. You won't forget it.
 On an immediate level, the film is a commentary on what we do with other people's words when we quote them-and in so doing, deform them, customizing them to our own requirements.
 Bubbling beneath the troubling educational methods is a complicated conversation about art and the audience.
 Keeps its audience rapt until the quietly shattering conclusion.
 There are annoying and deadly dull passages in The Kindergarten Teacher. There are also intriguing elements that will stick with you after the final credits roll -- if you make it that far.
 Lapid, following his acclaimed 2014 hostage drama "Policeman," clearly has a lot on his mind here. But he tells his overlong story in such a diffuse, at times elliptical way that his reach exceeds its grasp.
 Poetry is dead - but maybe a five-year-old boy can save it, with the help of his kindergarten teacher.
 Lapid's tense psychological drama leaves us with more questions than answers, but as with great poetry, or art in general, maybe everything doesn't have to be spelled out.
 A perplexing but all-too-human psychological drama ...
 The Kindergarten Teacher is more than a portrait of the artist as a young man. It's almost a horror story about the mysteries of art itself.
 An interesting and complex film. [Full review in Spanish]
 It shows us intriguing and dark chapters including strong sex scenes to denounce a certain sector of Israeli society that puts appearances, money and material things above else. [Full review in Spanish]
 Its artistic and cinematographic quality and especially being different to what you usually see, are worth the effort to go out for a chance to see it. [Full Review in Spanish]
 The Kindergarten Teacher is stylish, pretentious and cerebral, with characters so schematic that they only intermittently resemble actual human beings.
 Roth, who is no Michael Haneke (or even Adrian Lyne), seems unconcerned with creating genuine tension or digging into an allegory of moral consequence.
 All foreplay and no, well, climax.
 As a piece of social satire, "Knock Knock" winds up being not just toothless but anticlimactic.
 Alas, the intentions of pure comedy don't last for long, and the movie becomes a fairly routine series of torture scenes and bursts of violence. 
 As good as Reeves is, the potential for "Knock Knock" is seldom met. Roth would rather play to his tiresome habits instead of challenging himself with a vigorous, malevolent thriller.
 Manages to be impossibly conservative while being impossibly sleazy, and that's the way we're supposed to like it, I suppose.
 Knock Knock is a pretty flimsy erotic thriller, but thanks to Reeves' oaken obliviousness it's also got a few moments of deliciously trashy fun.
 There's satiric potential here, but Eli Roth's sense of humor abandons him when his hero isn't about to get down with the get down.
 Even fans of Roth's past work will probably be disappointed by the relative lack of gore in this one, which suggests a mix of horror and thriller but quickly settles into more of the latter.
 "Director Eli Roth's "Knock Knock," a remake of the 1977 exploitation picture "Death Game," sometimes plays more like a comedy than like the grungy thriller that inspired it, but that's often all to the good."
 The characters are driven by convenience, not behavior, and their actions seem like they've been manhandled into place to make the plot work.
 Knock Knock is a midnight movie that never comes to fruition, wasting a stellar concept and cast on forced B-movie antics that are far too unfunny for Roth's talents.
 Often feels like a tongue-in-cheek episode of Red Shoe Diaries.
 The characters aren't really characters -- they're archetypes -- and the movie plays as a soft core lark rather than more substantial entertainment.
 An erotic home-invasion thriller, which -- despite its inconsistencies and lack of depth -- is an enjoyable enough romp.
 The morality here is biblical but also blackly comical; it demands punishment without mercy for the infractions of faithlessness and lust.
 It's ultimately more interested in being lurid than provocative.
 Knock Knock, which is about two women wreaking havoc on a married man, aspires to be titillating. But more than anything, both persistently, persuasively angle to make you angry.
 Another sub-par effort from director Eli Roth, who finally breaks out of his xenophobia, but sadly for a pretty abysmal thriller.
 Intriguing spin on home-invasion thriller ... Slickly produced, energetically played, especially by Reeves as the good husband who, when home alone, falls prey to kinky temptations. 
 Maddeningly vague.
 Dark, chilling, impressive film about the training of child assassins in a sequestered commune led by a charismatic figure, played to perfection by Vincent Cassel.
 On one level, Alexander is the freedom-fighter and Gregori the corrupt old tyrant, like Ceauescu, Miloevi, or Tito. On another, you wish Partisan were more pointed in its writing, more connected to an outside, modern world.
 Ambiguity proves the undoing of a potentially interesting story in "Partisan," the first feature by Australian filmmaker Ariel Kleiman.
 Newcomer Jeremy Chabriel commands as 11-year-old Alexander, a chosen son whose dawning sense of right and wrong challenges the social order. An auspicious beginning, for him and Kleiman.
 Usually, partisans stand for something, but in this movie, which is stripped of a specific time frame and relevant geopolitical context, the term becomes hollow.
 A moody drama that employs a dystopian-type premise that is not too far afield from a typical young-adult book series although with loftier aspirations and a less propulsive pace.
 It's hard to tell if director and co-writer Ariel Kleiman is being serious or sarcastic with a story this preposterous.
 Vincent Cassel's primal physicality and threatening charm are front and center in this taut dystopian fable.
 A deeply frustrating head-scratcher.
 Jeremy Chabriel is arresting as the increasingly uneasy youngster, and director and co-writer Ariel Kleiman proves adept at both world-building and attention-focusing. 
 Partisan is an impressive feature debut; both expertly condemning its paternalistic society, but sadly lacking in a single interesting female character to take a stand to Cassel's complex figure.
 A film trying so hard to upend expectations that it loses itself in the process.
 There's some decent technical stuff here, but the story's a big ol' bust.
 Oddly underpowered, anticlimactic and torpidly acted ...
 Cassel's subtle and quietly menacing performance helps compensate for a story that drifts along rather aimlessly at times, while Kleiman's dreamy visuals mark him out as a talent to watch.
 Kleiman has an eye for poetic imagery but the storytelling style is so oblique and dour that this is a jarring and difficult film to watch.
 Kleiman's Dogtooth-esque dark drama paints a weird and disturbing portrait of stolen innocence.
 With his feature debut, young Australian filmmaker Ariel Kleiman tells a creepy story about a cult-like commune, anchored by a riveting performance from French actor Vincent Cassel. 
 A patiently unfolding drama that displays the lengths one will go to provide shelter and community, and what happens if you step out of bounds.
 While not a masterpiece on the order of 1923's Safety Last! and 1925's The Freshman, Speedy still ranks as grade-A entertainment from the great Harold Lloyd.
 Highlights include a wild chase scene through New York City traffic, a visit to Coney Island by Speedy and Jane, and a guest appearance by Babe Ruth...
 This IMAX spectacular largely does what it's supposed to: fascinate, educate, and visually wow the audience, in 45 minutes or less.
 Laudable for turning armchair tourism into a breathtaking experience - a viewer can truly feel as if he or she has gone inside a number of fantastic, ancient places.
 The film unearths some of this history as well, even if at times it feels like a quick course in comparative religion. Its message is familiar -- let's all try to get along -- but the views are remarkable.
 You don't just go to Jerusalem. You experience Jerusalem. Those are the words of the director of this phenomenal documentary. 
 The film is at its most moving, paradoxically, when the camera gets down to street level, seeming to squeeze, for example, into a small shop in the walled Old City, where two men play backgammon amid claustrophobically over-hung racks of trinkets.
 Benedict Cumberbatch narrates with effortless authority but it's the personal stories of three attractive young women, present day inhabitants representing the three faiths, which make this a moving and vital production.
 You can all but feel the heat of blazing candles in the Orthodox pre-Easter ritual of the Holy Fire in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, the most impressive scene in a dazzling film.
 The film effectively answers why this one place, not even a square kilometre in size, is such prime religious real estate, but it barely gestures toward the blood that has been paid for it. 
 Magnificently scenic but fatally bland ...
 With its overdrawn characters and hackneyed dialogue, it's a politicized "Billy Elliot."
 "Desert Dancer" does manage to movingly convey the chilling, ultimately triumphant experience of Ghaffarian's struggle for creative expression under a regime that tried to crush it.
 Raymond's diffuse direction is so old-school, made-for-cable-TV that it blunts the drama and never turns up the heat beyond tepid.
 It's all over the place. All these are fine places to be when it comes to movies. It's just exhausting to try to be in all of them at once.
 "Desert Dancer" explores fascinating aspects of present-day Iran but suffers mightily from simplistic and sentimental tendencies.
 Reece Ritchie brings heart to the lead role, particularly in the decisive solo performance that caps the film. But that sequence is as expressive and alive as the rest of the supposedly movement-loving drama is static.
 Desert Dancer is the dramatization of a life story that rarely doesn't feel like a dramatization.
 As impressive as its dance sequences may be, Desert Dancer cannot overcome an intellectually lazy script that's as subtle as an eye-high leg kick. 
 Unsurprisingly, dancing is the highlight of "Desert Dancer," but it hardly receives the attention it deserves.
 Its depiction of the internal tensions in Iranian politics and culture is not what you'd call super-nuanced, but it is sympathetic to Iran as an entity.
 Director Richard Raymond, making his feature debut, doesn't seem to have enough story to fill out a full-length movie. 
 In his feature film debut, director Richard Raymond keeps the story moving despite some dramatic cliches.
 The story of freedom from oppression and freedom of expression in Iran is a somber and ruthless one, but you'd never know the true extent of it by seeing this film.
 The characters are thin and the villains are one-note, but one gets worked up anyway, much as one gets played by a solid romance - or a dance movie.
 Desert Dancer strays too frequently into melodrama to have much sticking power.
 There would seem to be only one thing that the act of dancing cannot free the characters in Desert Dancer from, and that's the movie they're in.
 By the time Desert Dancer heads for its shades-of-Argo climax, it's hard not to wish there had been a bit less melodrama, and a bit more desert dancing.
 ... too earnest and cliched - with awkward English dialogue, considering the setting - and tends to oversimplify Afshin's true-life struggles.
 The sum total is an interesting true-life story that just doesn't make for a great movie. Desert Dancer has its moments, but it feels like a story that was better lived than re-told.
 Despite that fact that Pinto is such a vital performer, her character's backstory is handled so clumsily that it feels like one more clich thrown onto the pile.
 Roger Waters The Wall ends up being just another brick in the source material's audacious history, of which Waters should be trusted to continue finding success at telling.
 A concert movie where the considerable pyrotechnics gathered never quite obscure the fully functioning conscience centre stage.
 This is not merely bravura stadium prog-rock for Pink Floyd fans, but a curious home road movie.
 90 Minutes in Heaven stands out from the herd of films designed to spread the good word by telling a story with well-developed main characters, excellent cinematography, and other top-notch production elements.
 Rendering a miraculous premise dull, the film seems relatively uninterested in doing more than preaching to the choir.
 It fails to create a satisfying narrative with a true arc that pays off; it's too caught up in explaining its minor details to focus on the big picture.
 Although this well-meaning film may appeal to its intended audience on a spiritual level, the result is a sluggish, clinical, largely dreary portrait that tends to mistake trauma for drama.
 Long and often nearly dramatically inert. Perhaps had the film spent more time detailing those heavenly ninety minutes, the offering might have worked better, or at least been more interesting. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
 Flatlines in its last half hour and barely putters along in the hour and half before that.
 A staggeringly uneventful movie made for an audience to which I obviously do not belong. I'm frankly at a loss to convey how little happens during 90 Minutes in Heaven. 
 While there are fine, restrained moments exploring faith as both comfort and struggle, there's almost no way to portray a vision of Heaven literally that doesn't feel like somebody's telling us exactly what he thinks we want to hear.
 The titular experience is buried in favor of a repetitive, heavy-handed barrage of bedside hospital prayers.
 Turns out people can get really irritable after seeing heaven.
 The movie captures the drama but not the passion.
 This inspirational indie earns points by being more bluntly realistic than many other faith-based dramas in its depiction of an ordeal that likely would challenge the faith of even the most devout Christians.
 A better title would've likely been "121 Minutes in Purgatory," since that's essentially where audiences will find themselves residing during the entirety of this dreary slog down a familiar road paved with painfully good intentions.
 May strike a welcome chord with the evangelical groups at whom it's obviously aimed. But for others the ploddingly preachy picture will seem more like a stint in purgatory, if not someplace even more uncomfortable. 
 Although it's centered around a fascinating true story, 90 Minutes in Heaven is plagued by an uneventful and padded out two hours.
 Cynical, slow and deathly-dull. 
 The screenplay is full of infelicitous dialogue far from a plausible vernacular, which wouldn't matter if the movie had an ounce of stylization to justify its fourth-grade-reading-level airport-novel vocabulary.
 Sincere performances carry the day.
 Dramatic real life story
 So deeply terrible that it will make you question the existence of God. The dialogue is the least natural I've ever seen in a film not made by Ed Wood.
 Competently made, the film doesn't really bring anything truly original to the table other than Purefoy's turn as Mr. Washington. 
 You can say this much for Momentum - it more than sustains its own. 
 Inserting a political thriller angle that reaches Bourne-level conspiracy proportions in the last three minutes, and setting up a sequel, the filmmakers' unfounded self-worth and confidence in their project makes the whole thing pathetic and misguided.
 Yet another colorless, featureless stunt extravaganza that emphasizes physical feats and convoluted plotting, trying to razzle-dazzle audiences with visuals they've seen countless times before. 
 Momentum has its moments of fun, but overall it's a well shot, capably acted run of the mill action film.
 Momentum is caught between being pulpy, mindless entertainment and socially-conscious commentary on government. It doesn't do either competently.
 If you're going to call your movie Momentum, it really ought to move.
 Just as entertaining as the action itself is the back and forth banter between Olga Kurlenko and James Purefoy.
 One of the worst films you won't see in 2015.
 The curse of Bourne continues to linger over the lower echelons of the film industry with yet another attempt to replicate its success sputtering out of the gate.
 Momentum is a strange husk of an action movie, one that contains all the right beats of a Hollywood contender, including a preposterous closing-reel set-up for an entire franchise to come, without a single moment of dramatic intrigue or credibility.
 Momentum is in the end silly, trashy B-movie nonsense, yet it's top quality trash of the highest order as it does what it sets out to do by being enjoyably entertaining and having a stylistic gloss to its visuals.
 Sure, it's a kick-ass Bourne on a budget, but it has a strikingly mature sense of style, slick wall-to-wall stunts, plus wit and suspense.
 From the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers opening, through the Starsky & Hutch "gunfight in a warehouse" set-pieces, to the contractual-obligation shots of Kurylenko's bum, this is utter pants.
 With a plot so thin that it's barely there, this sleek South African action thriller is surprisingly entertaining simply because the cast is allowed to chomp merrily on the scenery as they try to torment and kill each other. 
 this action thriller never stops moving (except when Olga Kurylenko's kickass heroine Alex has her leg literally caught in a vice), racing through its series of genre routines in the hope that speed alone can cover over any cracks.
 Campanelli's main goal seems to have been to incorporate as many action movie clichs as possible in a single film...
 When Momentum gets going, there's an entertaining time to be had trying to catch up.
 Right down to its generic title, this laughable cat-and-mouse thriller is a celebration of vigilante clichs.
 Stephen Campanelli... keeps Momentum moving with brisk assurance, making up for his film's routine script and modest budget with slick visuals and impressively punchy action.
 Hoping to revive a classic war film ambiance, the endeavor is simply too confined and shiny to feel knuckle-crackingly retro.
 .. it's the music that suddenly feels monumental because somewhere in that dark stream of rolling notes and rumbling minors, we can hear the eternal soul of human sadness turned, for a brief moment, into something undeniably beautiful.
 Watching Kapadia's film, it is possible to see how badly she was let down by the male figures closest to her.
 The film's most obvious and honest bet is to show us the artistic strenght of [Amy] Winehouse. [Full review in Spanish] 
 The words of "Stronger Than Me" reverberate through this devastating film... we can't help but wonder if things would have turned out very differently had Winehouse's family, friends, lovers, collaborators and business partners been a little stronger.
 Amy is a celebration of all she accomplished as well as a cautionary tale about the grave price to be paid for not getting an addict the help they need.
 A melancholy deconstruction of the rise and demise of a talented but troubled pop diva. 
 Director Asif Kapadia... rounds up revelatory, even joyous footage and interviews. The film he's assembled from them is a heartbreaking portrait of a major talent with her fair share of demons, which only haunted her more once she became a star.
 As sad as Winehouse's story may be, Amy is gorgeous and provocative, too.
 The film pays tribute to a great performer, leaving little doubt that she possessed one of the great jazz voices of all time.
 One of the country's great musical icons gets a fittingly superb documentary.
 As concerned with perceptions as it is a cautionary tale about the nature of modern fame, the profoundly depressing Amy is not the last word on Amy Winehouse but, for now, it is hard to see how it could be bettered.
 Amy Winehouse's story is a tragic one, and a familiar one. This film sets her apart from other, similar entertainers who died young, but not far enough.
 Captures the spectators attention with Winehouse's music and her downfall in which Asif Kapadia denounces how cruel and decadent the media can be. [Full review in Spanish]
 Fascinating in a voyeuristic way. A demonstration beyond doubt that celebrity is as life-threatening as the bite of a Black Mamba.
 Watching this documentary was like listening to an orchestra tune itself. After awhile, you want the conductor to appear.
 A devastating, infuriating and sometimes breathtaking watch.
 It doesn't give us any more insight into what drove this phenomenally talented young woman to self- destruct at such a young age.
 Asif Kapadia manages to create an honest portrait of Amy Winehouse without having to use any narration or off voice. [Full review in Spanish]
 Even if it's told in an entertaining way, Winehouse's personal life is not enough to justify a two and a half hour film. [Full review in Spanish]
 A cinematic shaming...
 Too many bizzaro elements begin to eat away at one's attention span. Even if it's the end times, this Apocalypse didn't need every idea at once.
 Yakuza Apocalypse is Miike at the top of his game, breaking cinematic rules at every chance while crafting seriously subversive cinema that defangs both the real-world Yakuza, the Japanese government, and, heaven help us, Sanrio, too.
 Directed by the inimitable Takashi Miike... Apocalypse finds the 55-year-old filmmaker at his silliest, which is saying a lot, as he's responsible for some of the silliest movies ever made.
 Lurid and nutso doesn't even begin to describe this opus. You have to see it to believe it ... if you have the stomach for it.
 By the end ... you might be as punch-drunk as Kageyama in his final showdown, and too exhausted to care.
 For those fans who don't mind enduring some tedium and confusion, "Yakuza Apocalypse" at least offers something memorably bizarre.
 "Yakuza Apocalypse" is a movie that is perhaps not meant to be understood so much as witnessed.
 Real silliness doesn't settle into a routine. This movie's brand of it does.
 A very good film, but only if you're willing to inevitably submit to its anarchic sensibility.
 Gonzo, laugh-out-loud funny, but with not enough action or laughs to sustain it. 
 "Yakuza Apocalypse" may not be Miike's best film, and lord knows he'll try to top it ten times over, but it's the only one to feature a kung-fu frog monster destroyer of worlds.
 Those looking for a straight action-crime flick will be disappointed or horrified. Probably both.
 If you want to enjoy Yakuza Apocalypse for its snippets of inspiration, we suggest a Baudrillardian form of watching: flick it on and off between late night channel hopping.
 Yakuza Apocalypse is barely comprehensible barminess. But it's definitely fun.
 deliriously daft until its final oater-style showdown... Miike delivers something all at once insane, inane and irresistible.
 It is extremely mad, long and often tiresome. Yet it is acted with eerie and absolute conviction, and has an interestingly surreal quality; Miike has a claim to be one of cinema's genuine surrealists.
 Slow down, Takashi.
 If you're a Miike fan or simply looking for something weird and wonderful then you certainly won't forget this in a hurry.
 ... back to the wild and weird Miike, with extreme action, bloody spectacle, goofy humor, and abrupt curveballs every time you think you think you've got a handle on it.
 Its subtle victory (though maybe its central weakness as well) is its denial of quick, easy fanboy pleasures. 
 I highly recommend anyone who liked Console Wars, Atari: Game Over or other retro gaming celebrations watch this too. And if this is your first look back at retro games, let it start your nostalgia all over again.
 Never developing into unabashed antagonism, the perpetual push-pull of Louis and John's relationship ended up being both totally organic and refreshing.
 Admirably performed and skilled at detailing Texan expanse, the feature manages to hit the heart when it counts the most, carrying a promising amount of concern for its characters.
 Duhamel and Wiggins unfortunately don't have the kind of Paper Moon chemistry that could have helped gloss over some of the harder-to-swallow plot turns. 
 A monotonous bore. Lost in the Sun clearly thinks it's saying something profound, but what it says has been said before, many times, in much better pictures. 
 Despite some scenic territory, there's just not much to this journey, leaving "Lost in the Sun" feeling like a short story stretched way too thinly toward feature length.
 Remove the charm and the Depression-era aura from "Paper Moon" and you have "Lost in the Sun," a road movie that goes nowhere particularly interesting.
 Thanks to the excellent if a little on the obviously-pictorial-side cinematography by Robert Barocci, you've seen some lovely vistas on the way to indifference.
 "Lost in the Sun" is a technically proficient but achingly typical gloomy southern crime drama, one that audiences can seek out if they exhausted every other similar film. 
 It's a story of redemption and reconciliation that follows a well-worn path and strains credibility as it meanders along.
 At every minute in this film, you know where it's going, because nothing that happens in any of the 130 minutes of this film works at all if the movie doesn't get there.